Here’s the thing: Even with problems of this magnitude, each of us can still find a way to make change. That’s why I’m proud of young people like Alice Mahar, a environmental activist in Melbourne. Read about her and find ways you can help, too:
The catastrophic fires in Australia are the latest example of the very real and very urgent consequences of climate change. It’s on us to stay focused and protect the one planet we’ve got for the next generation:
With David Stern’s passing, I’m reflecting on everything he did to take the NBA global, creating entire new generations of fans pretending to be like Mike or any of their favorite players on driveways and playgrounds around the world.
Here’s to a happy, healthy, and hopeful 2020. Happy New Year, everybody!
From hip-hop to country to The Boss, here are my songs of the year. If you’re looking for something to keep you company on a long drive or help you turn up a workout, I hope there’s a track or two in here that does the trick.
If there’s one thing I love about @RepJohnLewis, it’s his incomparable will to fight. I know he’s got a lot more of that left in him. Praying for you, my friend.
Next up are my favorite movies and TV shows of 2019. Of course, there’s also American Factory, a film from our own production company, Higher Ground, that was recently shortlisted for an Oscar. Here’s the full list:
As we wind down 2019, I wanted to share with you my annual list of favorites that made the last year a little brighter. We’ll start with books today — movies and music coming soon. I hope you enjoy these as much as I did.
From the Obama family to yours, Merry Christmas!
On behalf of my family, Chag Sameach and Happy Hanukkah! As Jews around the world celebrate, let the menorah’s light remind us all of the miracles in our own lives.
2019 was full of moments that show humanity at its best—compassionate, entrepreneurial, determined. And yes, hopeful. Take a look to see for yourself.
You can get the zen garden next week, but tomorrow is the last day to sign up for health coverage at This year, most current customers can find an insurance plan with a monthly premium of $10 or less. Get covered today!
It was remarkable to be back in the Asia-Pacific region with my sister this week, joined by hundreds of talented and optimistic @ObamaFoundation leaders. They’re making their mark on this region—and the whole world—and that's good for all of us.
My sister Maya and I are about to take the stage at @ObamaFoundation Leaders: Asia-Pacific. We'll be talking about how growing up in this region made us who we are—and the opportunity today's young people have to shape the future. I hope you'll tune in at
I thought it was about time I share my holiday gift list — a few practical items, all $10 or less. The best one? Health care for you or somebody you care about. The deadline to sign up is December 15. Go to and get covered.
In Vietnam I had the chance to sit down with some of our @ObamaFoundation leaders and alumni from across the Asia Pacific. From combating climate change in Vietnam to evaluating social impact in Indonesia, they're doing extraordinary work and expanding their impact together.
Because of Paul Volcker, our financial system is stronger and safer for the American people. I’ll remember Paul for his consummate wisdom, untethered honesty, and a level of dignity that matched his towering stature. I’m proud to have called him not just an adviser, but a friend.
Today, we give thanks for our blessings, give back to those around us, and enjoy some time — and turkey, and maybe a little football — with the ones we love. From the Obama family to yours, Happy Thanksgiving.
Before arguing with friends or family around the Thanksgiving table, take a look at the science behind arguing better. And it'll never hurt to try this: "Listen to people, get them to think about their own experience, and highlight your common humanity."
Politicians shouldn’t be picking their voters. Voters should be picking their representatives. But unless we act, the status quo will remain in states all across the country. Let's make sure maps are drawn fairly when redistricting happens again in 2021:
Take a look at this piece to understand the very real consequences of gerrymandering. In Asheville, NC, we see what happens when district lines are drawn for maximum partisan advantage: It mean citizens’ voices are diminished. It means more polarization.
Young leaders like these are powering the promise of the Asia Pacific region. Michelle and I couldn’t be more impressed by their initiative. Can’t wait to join them in Malaysia next month.
Proud to see Oluwaseun @AyodejiOsowobi in this list. She’s an @ObamaFoundation Leader who’s organizing young people in Nigeria to help end sexual violence, and her work embodies what our foundation is all about: passing the baton to the next generation.
Stories like this are a reminder of our duty, as a country and as Americans, to support every veteran—not only in words, but in deed. To every veteran out there, thank you. We’re forever in your debt.
This Veterans Day, here’s a moving portrait of the extraordinary resilience of my friend Cory Remsburg, an Army Ranger I’ve come to know over the years. It’s an honest tribute to all those wounded warriors and their families who give so much to our country
No one says it better than @MichelleObama — the Obama Presidential Center coming to the South Side isn't for us, it's for the community and the next generation of leaders.
Proud of all the Americans who showed up to vote yesterday, electing a set of hopeful, forward-thinking leaders primed to protect Medicaid, draw fair voting maps, and reduce gun violence. A great night for our country—one that’ll leave a lasting legacy.
Proud to endorse an outstanding group of Virginia Democrats in Tuesday’s election—candidates who’ll not only advance the causes of equality, justice, and decency, but help ensure that the next decade of voting maps are drawn fairly. That’s good policy—and good for our politics.
Today’s the first day of open enrollment on and high-quality coverage might be more affordable than you think. Nearly 9 in 10 customers qualify for financial help—so if you or someone you know needs insurance, #GetCovered today.
Congrats to the World Champion @Nationals and their fans! A great group that always showed up when it counted and was never afraid to show a little joy: dancing in the dugout, laughing, believing, and always sticking together. A true team with a spirit that’d do us all well.
Glad to be back in Chicago for the @ObamaFoundation Summit. It’s where I first learned to organize—and where I met @MichelleObama. We all have places that define us, and at the Summit, we’ll be exploring the meaning behind them—tune in tomorrow at
.@SamanthaJPower is a Pulitzer winner, an incredible writer, and a great friend. Her memoir, The Education of an Idealist, grapples with the balance between idealism, pragmatism, advocacy, and governance. It's a must-read for anyone who cares about our role in a changing world.
Michelle and I are heartbroken over the passing of our friend, Elijah Cummings. May his example inspire more Americans to pick up the baton and carry it forward in a manner worthy of his service.
I was proud to work with Justin Trudeau as President. He's a hard-working, effective leader who takes on big issues like climate change. The world needs his progressive leadership now, and I hope our neighbors to the north support him for another term.
In December, Michelle and I will head to Malaysia for the first @ObamaFoundation Leaders: Asia-Pacific gathering. The region plays an important role in my own story, and today, it’s home to a generation of rising leaders ready to create a better world. We can’t wait to join them.
Yesterday, marathoner Eliud Kipchoge became the first ever to break two hours. Today in Chicago, Brigid Kosgei set a new women’s world record. Staggering achievements on their own, they’re also remarkable examples of humanity’s ability to endure—and keep raising the bar.
Congrats to the @WashMystics on a gutsy, first-ever championship! A great team performance when it counted. If folks aren’t careful, this title thing might become a habit in DC.
Here’s an interesting read—a reminder that behind every opinion lies a human being with real experiences and a story to tell. Sometimes we’ll agree and sometimes we won’t, but if we want our democracy work, listening to each other isn’t optional.
As President, I leaned on @AmbassadorRice’s experience, expertise, and willingness to tell me what I needed to hear. In her memoir, Tough Love, you’ll see why. It’s a tribute to American leadership—and a unifying call for us to do our part to protect it. I hope you’ll read it.
Like the Beatles said: It’s getting better all the time. Thanks, babe, for 27 amazing years!
On National Voter Registration Day, it’s up to us as citizens to make sure everyone we know can make their voices heard at the ballot box. Check and update your registration at — and tell your friends, too.
One challenge will define the future for today’s young generation more dramatically than any other: Climate change. The millions of young people worldwide who’ve organized and joined today’s #ClimateStrike demand action to protect our planet, and they deserve it.
Just 16, @GretaThunberg is already one of our planet’s greatest advocates. Recognizing that her generation will bear the brunt of climate change, she’s unafraid to push for real action. She embodies our vision at the @ObamaFoundation: A future shaped by young leaders like her.
That’s what Americans do when others are in need – we help. We give. We inspire. Want to make a difference? There are a number of ways you can help right here:
Jermaine Bell is just six years old, but when he saw people in need, he took the money he’d been saving for a trip to Disney World and spent it on food and water for South Carolina evacuees.
Bahamian families and communities face a long recovery from Hurricane Dorian. And Americans are reaching out to help. Brittany Garvin is helping people reunite and evacuate.
As we remember those we lost on 9/11, we also remember the spirit of unity and togetherness that defined the weeks and months after. On this day of service, I’m reflecting on all those still working to embrace that spirit, today and every day.
Marca had a remarkable way of bringing out the best within us. For me, she was a trusted voice and a persistent, buoyant spirit—an example that progress can be slow, but it’s always possible. We’ll miss her, but we’re far better off because of her fight.
Yesterday’s ruling is a big win for North Carolina—and for all of us. Voters should choose their representatives, not the other way around. This win is proof that change is always within our reach, on gerrymandering, voting rights, and much more.
Saw this story of a young person doing great work and wanted to share it—keep it up, David! That’s some creative organizing.
Training is at the heart of organizing. It’s why I’ve always made it a priority – from my 2008 campaign until now. And it’s why I’m proud to announce @allontheline’s in-person training initiative, Redistricting U. Join us:
With summer winding down, here’s a sampling of what Michelle and I have been listening to — some new, some old, some fast, some slow. Hope you enjoy.
A good story gives you the chance to better understand someone else’s life. It can help you find common ground. And it’s why Michelle and I were drawn to Higher Ground’s first film, American Factory. Take a look at our conversation with the directors, and check it out on Netflix.
Toni Morrison was a national treasure, as good a storyteller, as captivating, in person as she was on the page. Her writing was a beautiful, meaningful challenge to our conscience and our moral imagination. What a gift to breathe the same air as her, if only for a while.
Until all of us stand up and insist on holding public officials accountable for changing our gun laws, these tragedies will keep happening:
The families of our wounded warriors don't often get a lot of fanfare, but they're serving and sacrificing right alongside their loved ones. We all owe a debt to them, too, and Fisher House is always making sure we're serving those who serve us.
Recent court decisions make it clear that the change we need to restore our democracy has to come from the ground up. @Allontheline’s work to ensure an accurate census count and achieve fair maps in 2021 has never been more important. Join us today:
Here’s a worthwhile Sunday read: “…nothing should temper partisanship more than an awareness that somewhere, on some issue, people with whom you disagree are telling a story that you really need to hear.”
I’ve always been proud of what this team accomplished during my administration. But more than what we did, I’m proud of how they’re continuing to fight for an America that’s better.
Economist Raj Chetty is not only identifying the decline in opportunity we’ve seen in recent decades—but trying to reverse it. Inequality, like many problems we face, is as vast as it is complex. But this article left me a little more hopeful:
Here are a couple of articles backed by new research that are worth taking a look at: A new study on the Medicaid expansion my administration fought for under the Affordable Care Act—and how these policy decisions affect lives in real terms:
In America, we don’t fear the future, we embrace it. 50 years ago, that spirit took us to the moon. Today, it’s embodied by people like Tiffany Davis. She’s a young rocket scientist who is helping us explore the next frontier, wherever that might take us.
#MandelaDay reminds us that when things feel dark, confusing, or impossible—take a look back at his writings. There, we see how a belief in the dignity of every person can be made real, an unwavering hope to steel us along our own long walks toward something better.
I have a good feeling about these Chicago @UrbanAlliance interns. Thanks for letting me spend yesterday afternoon with you—you’re going to go on to do incredible things and make many people proud. In fact, you already have.
The @ObamaFoundation is helping a new generation of leaders make their mark, and there’s an extraordinary group gathering this week for Obama Leaders: Africa. Their work will help unlock the incredible promise of the continent—and make the world better for all of us.
Proud to rep America’s best team! Congrats @USWNT and thanks for being such a strong inspiration for women and girls—and everybody—all across the country.
Yes! Fourth star. Back to back. Congrats to the record breakers on the @USWNT, an incredible team that’s always pushing themselves—and the rest of us—to be even better. Love this team.
Happy Fourth of July, everybody! This is always a great day in the Obama family: a chance to celebrate America—and Malia’s birthday, too. Hope all of you are able to get some time with friends, family, and fireworks.
I’m admittedly biased, but this article gibes with my experience about what all of us might take away from the “aloha spirit.”
Congrats to the USWNT! A great performance from a great team—looking forward to Sunday.
No one changes the world alone. That’s why the @ObamaFoundation is connecting emerging leaders from South Africa to Singapore to the South Side of Chicago—so they can change the world together. Read my reflection on our second year:
The most important job in our democracy is citizen. If you’re tired of politicians manipulating maps and ignoring the will of voters, I hope you’ll sign @allontheline’s Citizen Commitment today:
50 years ago, history was written at the Stonewall Inn when New York's LGBT community stood up, spoke out, and started a movement. In 2016 I was proud to designate it as a national monument—a reminder the arc of our history is an arc of progress as long as we keep pushing for it.
What a gift to come across this interview with Julia “Hurricane” Hawkins. I’m as grateful for her life advice as I am impressed by her 100-meter dash time.
Now we’re talking! Congrats to Team USA for moving on, and thanks for continuing to make us all proud.
On Juneteenth, we celebrate our capacity to make real the promise of our founding, that thing inside each of us that says America is not yet finished, that compels all of us to fight for justice and equality until this country we love more closely aligns with our highest ideals.
Outside the Oval Office, I kept a painting of a small crowd huddled around a pocketwatch, waiting for the moment the Emancipation Proclamation took effect. On Juneteenth, we celebrate the anniversary of that news - freedom - reaching slaves in Texas. And something more:
This is worth a read: a thought-provoking reminder that education reform isn’t a cure-all. As a supporter of education reform, I agree that fixing educational inequality requires doing more to address the broader, systemic sources of economic inequality.
Yes we can, Greta. I’m hopeful because of you and all the young people who are fighting to protect the planet. Keep at it.
Happy Father’s Day to Charles, one of our @ObamaFoundation Fellows, and all the dads at Fathers’ Uplift. Today, we’re celebrating fathers like these who provide a powerful example—not only for their kids, but for the rest of us, too.
The @USWNT is something to smile about. It was great to celebrate with them back in 2015 and I'm excited to root them on in their drive to earn their fourth star. Best of luck to these champions for equality, on and off the field.
Six years ago, David Ortiz's spirit and resolve helped us all begin to heal from the Boston Marathon bombing. Today, I want to join many others in wishing him a speedy recovery of his own. Get well soon, Papi.
Last week, it was Virginia Beach. But day after day and year after year, too many families and communities are shattered by senseless gun violence. We can't get numb to this. On National Gun Violence Awareness Day, pledge to speak out, #WearOrange — and vote — to protect lives.
You've got a lot to be proud of, Jiwandeep. Thanks for everything you do to make this country a little more equal. Turban looks great, by the way. Happy Pride Month, everybody!
What a life. American history has always been driven by visionaries like Leah Chase—and all the men and women who worked and ate at Dooky Chase’s over the years—folks who serve up progress one bowl of gumbo at a time.
A story worth sharing: Twelve years ago, Brian joined my first presidential campaign. Two years ago, he was diagnosed with ALS and launched @iamalsorg to find a cure. Brian and Sandra wake up every day believing that we can win this fight—and that makes me hopeful, too.
Exciting to see the faces of Colombia's future at an @ObamaFoundation roundtable with young leaders in Bogotá. Their creativity, their compassion, and their drive to improve their country are promising signs of what's to come.
On Memorial Day, we remember all those who gave everything for something greater than themselves. It's up to us to not simply reflect on their sacrifice but to honor it with service of our own—and by living out the values they fought for.
Great to get out there and take a few cuts at the plate yesterday—I had a blast with all these extraordinary young people. Thanks for letting me drop in and thanks to the Nationals Youth Academy for the outstanding work you do to support youth in DC.
Here’s a great story: While we’ve still got a lot of work to do to make college affordable for everyone, that didn’t stop Robert F. Smith from seizing an opportunity to make a difference. He’s erasing the student loan debt for this year’s @Morehouse grads.
Happy Mother's Day to the most caring, brilliant, funny, and grounded woman I know—a perfect role model not just for our daughters, but so many others. Love you, @MichelleObama.
As part of the @ObamaFoundation, moms like Dr. Mwansa Ketty Lubeya are answering the call for change—and raising the next generation of leaders while they’re at it.
Happy #CollegeSigningDay, everybody! I'm proud of every student out there who's taking the next step in their education. It's the best thing you can do for yourself and your future.
Condolences to the family of John Singleton. His seminal work, Boyz n the Hood, remains one of the most searing, loving portrayals of the challenges facing inner-city youth. He opened doors for filmmakers of color to tell powerful stories that have been too often ignored.
Congratulations to the new class of @ObamaFoundation Fellows! Their work in every region of the globe is already making the world better, and I hope this experience helps them make an even bigger impact.
For thirty-six years, Richard Lugar proved that pragmatism and decency work—not only in Washington but all over the world. Michelle and I send our warmest sympathies to his family and all those who had the privilege of knowing this American statesman.
Dominique’s story is a reminder to us that where you’re from shouldn’t define what you can achieve. I’m proud of her and all students striving for a better future.
This generation of climate activists is tired of inaction, and they've caught the attention of leaders all over the world. So while this challenge is only getting more urgent, they show us the kind of action it'll take to meet this moment.
And in the U.S., 13-year old @AlexandriaV2005 of New York, 13-year old @havenruthie of Denver, and 16-year old @israhirsi of Minneapolis are some of the young people leading the fight at home. I hope more of us will follow their example.
I met 23-year-old @luisamneubauer in Berlin earlier this month. Luisa, the organizer behind the student movement in Germany, says, “It’s our future and we’re not going to stop fighting for it.”
They're people like 16-year-old @GretaThunberg, whose protests at Swedish parliament sparked a movement. Inspired by Greta's action, Fridays for Future brought together more than a million strikers on every continent last month to demand action on climate.
Young people all over the world are leading the way in the fight to protect our planet because they know their future depends on it. This Earth Day, I want to celebrate the courageous, committed young leaders who are stepping up to save the one planet we've got.
To all who celebrate today, happy Easter from our family to yours! On this day of rebirth and renewal, let’s recommit to love and serve our brothers and sisters, especially those in need, in every way we can. Have a great day, everybody.
The attacks on tourists and Easter worshippers in Sri Lanka are an attack on humanity. On a day devoted to love, redemption, and renewal, we pray for the victims and stand with the people of Sri Lanka.
Notre Dame is one of the world’s great treasures, and we’re thinking of the people of France in your time of grief. It’s in our nature to mourn when we see history lost – but it’s also in our nature to rebuild for tomorrow, as strong as we can.
Congratulations, Tiger! To come back and win the Masters after all the highs and lows is a testament to excellence, grit, and determination.
Another good story worth sharing: From one "kid from Akron" to a new generation of Akron kids, some remarkable early achievements at @IPROMISESchool. Great work, @KingJames—and even better work by those students. Proud to be a witness to their success:
From a big NBA fan, congrats to future Hall of Famers Dwyane Wade and Dirk Nowitzki—not just all-time greats but class acts, too.
In just a few minutes, I’m taking the stage at the @ObamaFoundation Town Hall Europe for a conversation about how to best support civic leaders carrying out good work across the continent. I hope you’ll tune in live at
A voice everybody should hear.
Here’s a story about people doing good that's worth sharing: @BradPaisley and his wife @Kimwilliamspais saw food insecurity in Nashville and decided to do something about it. They just broke ground on a free grocery store to help families in need:
Great to see Chicago’s historic mayoral race between two highly qualified candidates. Congrats to our next mayor, Lori Lightfoot—and Toni Preckwinkle campaigned hard and did us proud. I know that with our city’s heart and Lori’s leadership, Chicago’s best days are still ahead.
Valerie is one of my oldest friends and advisors – she was by my side when I first decided to run for office and for every major moment of the presidency. @ValerieJarrett's voice has often inspired me and I know “Finding My Voice” will inspire others to lift their voices, too.
Last night I had the chance to meet with first-term Democrats in Congress—it's a young, diverse class, stocked with a bunch of my campaign and administration alums who’ve taken the torch. This group is going to be driving progress for a long time to come.
Just in the nick of time: My brackets have never been my one shining moment, but here we go again. You can check out my #MarchMadness picks here:
And here are some ways to help cyclone victims in Mozambique, Malawi, and Zimbabwe:
The floods in the Midwest and in southern Africa are heartbreaking. Suffering and loss on two sides of the world calls for solidarity and strength from all of us. Ask what you can do to help our fellow Americans and families in need. Here are some ideas:
In 2011, I visited the tiny town of Moneygall and got to walk around in the house where my great-great-great grandfather Falmouth Kearney lived his early life. I'll always be grateful for the warmth and generosity of the Irish people. Happy St. Patrick's Day! -Barack O’Bama
Michelle and I send our condolences to the people of New Zealand. We grieve with you and the Muslim community. All of us must stand against hatred in all its forms.
.@MichelleObama and I are rooting hard for Team USA as the Special Olympics World Games get underway this week. Our Special Olympians are terrific examples of America’s heart and drive.
What a great moment. Happy 110th, Virginia.
Michelle and I send our deepest sympathies to all who knew the victims of today’s plane crash in Ethiopia.
The Crew Dragon’s been on quite a ride since I last saw it—congrats to @NASA and @SpaceX on a successful return! We invested in the @Commercial_Crew program to strengthen the U.S. space program for the long haul, and it’s great to see that happening.
Preethi, Alice, and Sefora are just three of many @ObamaFoundation leaders who remind us what International Women’s Day is all about: imagining a world free of artificial ceilings for the next generation—and doing the hard work to get us there.
And @SeforaKodjo is helping the next generation of women leaders in Africa rise up. Her organization is training and mentoring young women across the continent to adopt a new model of leadership, one that puts gender equality at the heart of economic development.
.@BarbeAlice is helping refugees resettle into welcoming communities in France, offering them job training and language immersion, as well as a place to stay. More importantly, she’s fighting a narrative that suggests our differences are more important than our shared humanity.
.@preethiherman is helping women unleash their power to change their societies. As head of the Foundation, she’s leading an initiative that combines online tools with in-person organizing, giving women a voice in her native India—and beyond.
On International Women’s Day, I’m reflecting on the future we all want for our daughters: one where they can live out their aspirations without limits. And I’m celebrating some of the women who are building that future for all of us today.
It’s up to all of us as citizens to make sure that the rules of democracy are fair—everywhere—because the next decade of our nation's progress is on the line. Join me and @allontheline in the fight against gerrymandering:
Zion Williamson seems like an outstanding young man as well as an outstanding basketball player. Wishing him a speedy recovery.
I’m about to join @StephenCurry30 on stage with @MBK_Alliance to answer questions from boys and young men of color about the challenges that confront them and the opportunities within their grasp. Tune in at
I’ve always loved basketball because it’s about building a team that’s equal to more than the sum of its parts. Glad to see this expansion into Africa because for a rising continent, this can be about a lot more than what happens on the court.
Happy Valentine’s Day to the extraordinarily smart, beautiful, funny, one and only @MichelleObama. It’s true; she does get down to Motown.
In the year since their friends were killed, the students of Parkland refused to settle for the way things are and marched, organized, and pushed for the way things should be - helping pass meaningful new gun violence laws in states across the country. I'm proud of all of them.
Don’t be sad it’s over, be proud it taught us so much. Congrats to all the men and women of @NASA on a @MarsRovers mission that beat all expectations, inspired a new generation of Americans, and demands we keep investing in science that pushes the boundaries of human knowledge.
Happy 85th birthday to @RealBillRussell - the greatest champion in American sports, and a lifelong warrior for justice.
My statement on the passing of former Congressman John Dingell:
We lost two great Americans today – Frank Robinson and John Dingell – citizens who inspired me and so many others by leading on the civil rights issues of our time, opening doors to others, and leaving it all on the field.
As we celebrate Black History Month and Jackie Robinson’s 100th birthday, we celebrate the life of all whose courage opened the gates for everybody, and in the process, made America better.
The @ObamaFoundation is connecting people from around the world so they can form partnerships just like this. I am inspired by Robert and Vanessa and what’s possible when leaders come together to have an even greater impact on the world.
I’ve always drawn inspiration from what Dr. King called life’s most persistent and urgent question: "What are you doing for others?" Let’s honor his legacy by standing up for what is right in our communities and taking steps to make a positive impact on the world.
I knew it way back then and I’m absolutely convinced of it today — you’re one of a kind, @MichelleObama. Happy Birthday!
In 2018 people stepped up and showed up like never before. Keep it up in 2019. We’ve got a lot of work to do, and I’ll be right there with you. Happy New Year, everybody!
I hope you find inspiration in the stories of Dejah, Moussa, Sandor, Hong and Jonny. Their journeys began with a decision to build the better future they wanted to see. The same is true for you. What matters isn’t the size of the step you take; what matters is that you take it.
Leaders like Jonny Boucher, a Chicago native who, after losing too many friends and family to suicide, started a coffee shop to offer emotional support and guidance to those who might be in need of a little more than a strong cup of coffee to get through their day.
Leaders like Hong Hoang, who mobilized a youth-led movement to create a greener world after becoming the first Vietnamese person to visit Antarctica.
Leaders like Moussa Kondo and Sandor Lederer, who are each doing their part to fight corruption in their native countries of Mali and Hungary. Two people separated by continents but united in their pursuit of a more just, transparent society.
Leaders like Dejah Powell, who started an organization to bring health and wellness resources to communities on the South Side of Chicago, expanding food access and providing people the space and time to take care of themselves.
As the year winds down and we look toward 2019, I’m asking you to make a commitment: find something you want to change in your community and take the first step toward changing it. If you need some inspiration, take a look at some of the young leaders who inspired me this year.
As 2018 draws to a close, I’m continuing the tradition of sharing my year-end lists. It gives me a moment to reflect on the year through the books, movies, and music that I found most thought-provoking, inspiring, or just plain loved. I hope you enjoy it:
Enjoy the holiday season with the ones you love. Michelle and I wish you a very Merry Christmas!
There’s no better time than the holidays to give back to your community. Yesterday I got to do just that at @ChildrensHealth. As we celebrate the season and look forward to 2019, let’s recommit to doing our part to build a world that is a little more generous, tolerant, and kind.
Merry Christmas and happy holidays to the extraordinary kids, families, and staff at Children’s National. And thanks for humoring me as your stand-in Santa.
Today is the last day of open enrollment. That means it’s the deadline to make sure you and the people you love have health insurance in 2019. So head over to to get covered! Here’s what else you need to know today about health care:
Joe is right. Head to before tomorrow’s deadline. And nice bracelet, by the way.
As Bobby Kennedy taught us, the thing about hope is that it travels through space *and* time, first splashing against the rocks, but eventually breaking down the walls of cruelty and injustice. And if we do our best with the time we’re given, others will take hope in our example.
No jump shots. No ferns. No memes. Not this time. I’m going to give it to you straight: If you need health insurance for 2019, the deadline to get covered is December 15. Go to today and pass this on — you just might save a life.
Happy Hanukkah! Over these eight nights, we draw inspiration from light that can overpower any darkness, and recommit ourselves to building a brighter future for our families, our communities, and our world. Chag Sameach from the Obama family to yours.
America has lost a patriot and humble servant in George Herbert Walker Bush. While our hearts are heavy today, they are also filled with gratitude. Our thoughts are with the entire Bush family tonight – and all who were inspired by George and Barbara’s example.
I am grateful for the next generation of leaders -- the young people who are tolerant, creative, idealistic and doing the work to create the world as it should be. Who understand that hope requires action. From the Obama family to yours, Happy Thanksgiving.
Thanks to the Chicago @FoodDepository team for all you do and to the volunteers who are doing great work and let me crash today. Happy Thanksgiving, everybody!
When someone shares their story, we see the world through their eyes. I’m looking forward to hearing a few from leaders around the world and sharing my own at the @ObamaFoundation Summit in Chicago. Tune in at
Our future depends on all our young people, including our boys and young men of color, being able to achieve their dreams. Today, I’m proud to share @MBK_Alliance’s first investments in communities devoted to this mission. Get inspired:
Of course, @MichelleObama’s my wife, so I’m a little biased here. But she also happens to be brilliant, funny, wise – one of a kind. This book tells her quintessentially American story. I love it because it faithfully reflects the woman I have loved for so long.
Michelle and I are heartbroken for everybody who’s lost so much in California, and grateful for the heroism of the firefighters who’ve been risking their lives around the clock to save others. Please do what you can to help our fellow Americans in need:
To all our veterans and your families: thank you. There's no tribute that can truly match the magnitude of your service and sacrifice. But all of us can do our best to live up to the American values of service, responsibility, generosity, and citizenship that you helped defend.
Congratulations to everybody who showed up and participated in our democracy in record numbers yesterday. The change we need won’t come from one election alone – but it is a start. Last night, voters across the country started it.
Today is the day. Today, it’s your turn to raise your voice to change the course of this country for the better. So make it count. Get out there and vote. Go to or call 833-336-VOTE to confirm where you can vote and check voting hours.
If you take that power and vote, something powerful happens. Change happens. Hope happens. And with each new step we take in the direction of fairness, and justice, and equality, and opportunity, hope spreads. Go vote!
When you vote, you have the power to make it easier for a student to afford college, and harder for a disturbed person to shoot up a classroom. When you vote, you have the power to make sure a family keeps its health insurance.
When you vote, you have the power to protect voting rights. To make sure our criminal justice system treats everyone equally under the law. To strengthen laws that protect women in the workplace from harassment – and make sure they’re paid equally.
When we've been at such crossroads before, Americans have made the right choice. Not because we sat back and waited for history to happen -- but because we marched, and mobilized, and voted. We made history happen.
Tomorrow’s elections might be the most important of our lifetimes. The health care of millions is on the ballot. Making sure working families get a fair shake is on the ballot. The character of our country is on the ballot.
Speaking of preexisting conditions, open enrollment starts today. If you or someone you know needs health care, visit Thanks to financial help, most people can find plans for $75/month or less, so check out your options and find a plan that works for you.
Elections matter. You have the power to protect a family’s health care. Make a plan, grab some friends, and vote:
While we're talking about preexisting conditions, the ACA is the law that finally protected your coverage for preexisting conditions. Those protections and your health care are absolutely at stake on Tuesday. Vote for Democrats who’ll protect them.
Not sure who and what you can vote for? Head over to to look up your state, learn who's running to represent you, which measures you can help decide, and more. Read up, and get ready to vote on November 6.
Your vote can decide the health care of millions. Your voice can determine the character of our country. You have power — use it! In most states, you don't even have to wait until Election Day to cast a ballot. Find out where you can vote before Nov. 6:
We grieve for the Americans murdered in Pittsburgh. All of us have to fight the rise of anti-Semitism and hateful rhetoric against those who look, love, or pray differently. And we have to stop making it so easy for those who want to harm the innocent to get their hands on a gun.
The last presidential election turned on fewer than 100,000 votes in three states. More people go to Coachella. There’s no good excuse not to vote. Head over to to check your registration, get your absentee ballot, and find out where to vote on November 6.
America is always at our best when we look out for each other. Please do what you can to help people recover and rebuild from Hurricane Michael.
I’m so proud of the work @MichelleObama has done over the years to ensure adolescent girls have access to education, and I know that the @GirlsAlliance will be another great chapter in her effort to get girls the opportunities they deserve.
Congratulations to Drew Brees on the all time passing record. Always a class act.
Happy Anniversary, @MichelleObama. For 26 years, you’ve been an extraordinary partner, someone who can always make me laugh, and my favorite person to see the world with.
Today, I’m proud to endorse even more Democratic candidates who aren’t just running against something, but for something—to expand opportunity for all of us and to restore dignity, honor, and compassion to public service. They deserve your vote:
From civil servants to organizers, the young people I met in Amsterdam today are doing the hard work of change. And they keep at it for their communities, their countries, and the collective future of Europe and the world. Keep up the good work.
The antidote to government by a powerful few is government by the organized, energized many. This National Voter Registration Day, make sure you're registered, vote early if you can, or show up on November 6. This moment is too important to sit out.
The first class of Obama Fellows is full of leaders like Keith—hardworking, innovative, and dedicated to partnering with their communities to drive transformational change.
We will always remember everyone we lost on 9/11, thank the first responders who keep us safe, and honor all who defend our country and the ideals that bind us together. There's nothing our resilience and resolve can’t overcome, and no act of terror can ever change who we are.
Today I’m at the University of Illinois to deliver a simple message to young people all over the country: You need to vote, because our democracy depends on it. I hope you'll tune in at 11am CT:
Yesterday I met with high school students on Chicago’s Southwest side who spent the summer learning to code some pretty cool apps. Michelle and I are proud to support programs that invest in local youth and we’re proud of these young people.
Congratulations to Hawaii for winning the Little League World Series! You make America very proud. 🤙🏾
Our statement on the passing of Senator John McCain:
Aretha helped define the American experience. In her voice, we could feel our history, all of it and in every shade—our power and our pain, our darkness and our light, our quest for redemption and our hard-won respect. May the Queen of Soul rest in eternal peace.
Bobby Kennedy was one of my heroes. He was someone who showed us the power of acting on our ideals, the idea that any of us can be one of the “million different centers of energy and daring” that ultimately combine to change the world for the better.
I’m confident that, together, they’ll strengthen this country we love by restoring opportunity, repairing our alliances and standing in the world, and upholding our fundamental commitment to justice, fairness, responsibility, and the rule of law. But first, they need our votes.
Today I’m proud to endorse such a wide and impressive array of Democratic candidates – leaders as diverse, patriotic, and big-hearted as the America they’re running to represent:
Mandela Day is about taking action to change the world for the better. In these young people, I see Madiba's example of persistence and hope. They are poised to make this world more peaceful, more prosperous, and more just.
This week, I’m traveling to Africa for the first time since I left office – a continent of wonderful diversity, thriving culture, and remarkable stories. As I prepare for this trip, I wanted to share a list of books that I’d recommend for summer reading:
Congratulations to the @Capitals! This @NHLBlackhawks fan knows what it’s like to lift that cup – and I’m happy for all the Caps fans who cheer so hard for their team, and for a team that celebrates so hard with its fans.
“Low plastic stool, cheap but delicious noodles, cold Hanoi beer.” This is how I’ll remember Tony. He taught us about food — but more importantly, about its ability to bring us together. To make us a little less afraid of the unknown. We’ll miss him.
This National Gun Violence Awareness Day, show your commitment to keeping our kids safe from gun violence. Then, for everyone we’ve lost, take action to change our leadership and our laws until they reflect that commitment - no matter how long it takes.
We can never truly repay the debt we owe our fallen heroes. But we can remember them, honor their sacrifice, and affirm in our own lives those enduring ideals of justice, equality, and opportunity for which generations of Americans have given that last full measure of devotion.
This Center is for the leaders of tomorrow who are ready to step up and build the world as it should be. Michelle and I are grateful to Chicagoans and the Chicago City Council for making it happen.
Happy Mother’s Day to every mom out there, especially the remarkable moms in my life, @MichelleObama and my mother-in-law, Marian Robinson.
There are few issues more important to the security of the US than the potential spread of nuclear weapons or the potential for even more destructive war in the Middle East. Today’s decision to put the JCPOA at risk is a serious mistake. My full statement:
These talented young people will create a better future not just in Africa, but around the world. I can’t wait to spend some time with @ObamaFoundation Leaders and look forward to honoring the Mandela legacy in Johannesburg this summer.
Our statement on the passing of Former First Lady Barbara Bush:
Incredible to have a Chicago team in the Final Four. I’ll take that over an intact bracket any day! Congratulations to everybody @LoyolaChicago - let’s keep it going!
Michelle and I are so inspired by all the young people who made today’s marches happen. Keep at it. You’re leading us forward. Nothing can stand in the way of millions of voices calling for change.
Our most important task as a nation is to make sure all our young people can achieve their dreams. We’ve started this work with @MBK_Alliance, but there’s so much more all of us have to do—government, private sector, academia &amp; community leaders—to change the odds for our kids.
In Singapore with young people who are advocating for education, empowering young women, and getting involved all over Southeast Asia with a profoundly optimistic commitment to building the world they want to see.
41: I like the competition. And the loyalty to the home team. - 44
Congrats to @LoyolaChicago and Sister Jean for a last-second upset - I had faith in my pick!
Just because I have more time to watch games doesn’t mean my picks will be better, but here are my brackets this year:
Have fun out there among the stars.
Four years ago, @MichelleObama and I had the privilege to host Lt. Cmdr. Dan Cnossen and his fellow Paralympians and Olympians at the White House. Today, we’re so proud of him for winning gold and silver - while still representing the red, white, and blue.
I got my start holding community meetings in Chicago, so it was fun to be home for one tonight. Michelle and I want the world to come together on the South Side at a place built with local ideas, values, and hopes. That’s the @ObamaFoundation and Presidential Center.
Young people have helped lead all our great movements. How inspiring to see it again in so many smart, fearless students standing up for their right to be safe; marching and organizing to remake the world as it should be. We've been waiting for you. And we've got your backs.
Billy Graham was a humble servant who prayed for so many - and who, with wisdom and grace, gave hope and guidance to generations of Americans.
We are grieving with Parkland. But we are not powerless. Caring for our kids is our first job. And until we can honestly say that we're doing enough to keep them safe from harm, including long overdue, common-sense gun safety laws that most Americans want, then we have to change.
Happy Valentine’s Day, @MichelleObama. You make every day and every place better.
Dr. King was 26 when the Montgomery bus boycott began. He started small, rallying others who believed their efforts mattered, pressing on through challenges and doubts to change our world for the better. A permanent inspiration for the rest of us to keep pushing towards justice.
All across America people chose to get involved, get engaged and stand up. Each of us can make a difference, and all of us ought to try. So go keep changing the world in 2018.
Ten-year-old Jahkil Jackson is on a mission to help homeless people in Chicago. He created kits full of socks, toiletries, and food for those in need. Just this week, Jahkil reached his goal to give away 5,000 “blessing bags.” That’s a story from 2017.
Chris Long gave his paychecks from the first six games of the NFL season to fund scholarships in Charlottesville, VA. He wanted to do more, so he decided to give away an entire season’s salary. That’s a story from 2017.
Kat Creech, a wedding planner in Houston, turned a postponed wedding into a volunteer opportunity for Hurricane Harvey victims. Thirty wedding guests became an organization of hundreds of volunteers. That’s a story from 2017.
As we count down to the new year, we get to reflect and prepare for what’s ahead. For all the bad news that seemed to dominate our collective consciousness, there are countless stories from this year that remind us what's best about America.
On behalf of the Obama family, Merry Christmas! We wish you joy and peace this holiday season.
There's no better time than the holiday season to reach out and give back to our communities. Great to hear from young people at the Boys &amp; Girls Club in DC today.
Happy Hanukkah, everybody, from the Obama family to yours. Chag Sameach!
Just got off a call to thank folks who are working hard to help more Americans across the country sign up for health coverage. But it's up to all of us to help spread the word: Sign up through this Friday at
Michelle and I are delighted to congratulate Prince Harry and Meghan Markle on their engagement. We wish you a lifetime of joy and happiness together.
From the Obama family to yours, we wish you a Happy Thanksgiving full of joy and gratitude.
ME: Joe, about halfway through the speech, I’m gonna wish you a happy birth-- BIDEN: IT’S MY BIRTHDAY! ME: Joe. Happy birthday to @JoeBiden, my brother and the best vice president anybody could have.
This is what happens when the people vote. Congrats @RalphNortham and @PhilMurphyNJ . And congratulations to all the victors in state legislative, county and mayors' races. Every office in a democracy counts!
Every election matters - those who show up determine our future. Go vote tomorrow!
May God also grant all of us the wisdom to ask what concrete steps we can take to reduce the violence and weaponry in our midst.
We grieve with all the families in Sutherland Springs harmed by this act of hatred, and we’ll stand with the survivors as they recover...
Starting today, you can sign up for 2018 health coverage. Head on over to and find a plan that meets your needs.
Michelle and I are thinking of the victims of today's attack in NYC and everyone who keeps us safe. New Yorkers are as tough as they come.
Hello, #ObamaSummit! Thrilled to host civic leaders in Chicago from all over the world. Follow along at @ObamaFoundation.
I’ll let you and @ladygaga handle the singing, and we’ll handle the donations. There’s still time to give:
Tonight the ex-Presidents are getting together in Texas to support all our fellow Americans rebuilding from this year’s hurricanes. Join us.
I'm grateful to @SenJohnMcCain for his lifetime of service to our country. Congratulations, John, on receiving this year's Liberty Medal.
Michelle &amp; I are praying for the victims in Las Vegas. Our thoughts are with their families &amp; everyone enduring another senseless tragedy.
Proud to cheer on Team USA at the Invictus Games today with my friend Joe. You represent the best of our country.
We're expanding our efforts to help Puerto Rico &amp; the USVI, where our fellow Americans need us right now. Join us at
Prosecutor, soldier, family man, citizen. Beau made us want to be better. What a legacy to leave. What a testament to @JoeBiden.
Thinking about our neighbors in Mexico and all our Mexican-American friends tonight. Cuidense mucho y un fuerte abrazo para todos.
Coding is important – and fun. @CSforAll, thanks for your work to make sure every kid can compete in a high-tech, global economy.
Michelle and I want the @ObamaFoundation to inspire and empower people to change the world. Here's how we're getting started this fall.
We remember everyone we lost on 9/11 and honor all who defend our country and our ideals. No act of terror will ever change who we are.
Proud of these McKinley Tech students—inspiring young minds that make me hopeful about our future.
Americans always answer the call.
To target hopeful young strivers who grew up here is wrong, because they’ve done nothing wrong. My statement:
Thank you to all the first responders and people helping each other out. That's what we do as Americans. Here's one way you can help now.
Michelle and I are thinking of the victims and their families in Barcelona. Americans will always stand with our Spanish friends. Un abrazo.
"...For love comes more naturally to the human heart than its opposite." - Nelson Mandela
"People must learn to hate, and if they can learn to hate, they can be taught to love..."
"No one is born hating another person because of the color of his skin or his background or his religion..."
John McCain is an American hero &amp; one of the bravest fighters I've ever known. Cancer doesn't know what it's up against. Give it hell, John.
Health care has always been about something bigger than politics: it's about the character of our country.
Of all that I've done in my life, I'm most proud to be Sasha and Malia's dad. To all those lucky enough to be a dad, Happy Father's Day!
On this National Gun Violence Awareness Day, let your voice be heard and show your commitment to reducing gun violence.
Forever grateful for the service and sacrifice of all who fought to protect our freedoms and defend this country we love.
Good to see my friend Prince Harry in London to discuss the work of our foundations &amp; offer condolences to victims of the Manchester attack.
Through faith, love, and resolve the character of the people of Manchester has shown itself. Our thoughts &amp; prayers are with you.
Our hearts go out to those killed and wounded in Manchester. Americans will always stand shoulder to shoulder with the people of the UK.
Excited to hear from Sierra, Imani, Filiz, and Benedikt who are making a difference at home and abroad. See you in Berlin!
Happy Mother's Day to my love and partner on this journey @MichelleObama, and to all the wonderful, hardworking mothers out there.
We're rolling up our sleeves again, back where it all started. Join us at
Well said, Jimmy. That's exactly why we fought so hard for the ACA, and why we need to protect it for kids like Billy. And congratulations!
My heart goes out to the victims and their families in London. No act of terror can shake the strength and resilience of our British ally.
Chuck Berry rolled over everyone who came before him – and turned up everyone who came after. We'll miss you, Chuck. Be good.
On International Women’s Day, @MichelleObama and I are inspired by all of you who embrace your power to drive change.
Humbled to be recognized by a family with a legacy of service. Who's your #ProfileInCourage? Tell me about them:
We asked. You answered.
Happy Valentine’s Day, @michelleobama! Almost 28 years with you, but it always feels new.
I read letters like these every single day. It was one of the best parts of the job – hearing from you.
In the meantime, I want to hear what you're thinking about the road ahead. So share your ideas with me here:
Hi everybody! Back to the original handle. Is this thing still on? Michelle and I are off on a quick vacation, then we’ll get back to work.
Tonight, President Obama reflects on eight years of progress. Watch the #FarewellAddress at 9 pm ET:
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses what #Obamacare has done to improve health care.
Let's keep working to keep our economy on a better, stronger course.
The landmark #ParisAgreement enters into force today—we must keep up the momentum to #ActOnClimate.
The economy added 161,000 jobs in October, and wages are up 2.8 percent over the past year.
There are a lot of plans out there. Check your options and lock in the one that's best for you:
The positive impact of #Obamacare is undeniable, but there's one big factor holding many states back:
Tens of millions of Americans have benefited from #Obamacare. Make sure you're one of them.
Thanks to #Obamacare, quality health care is available to everyone. The marketplace is now open—make sure you and your family #GetCovered.
Community organizing never goes out of style. Shop now:
With #Obamacare, people can focus on treatment for pre-existing conditions without the fear of coverage being capped or denied.
The Obamacare marketplace is now open. If you're uninsured, now is the time to shop for a plan and #GetCovered.
Lions and Tiggers and bears! Oh my!
Usted y su familia merecen la tranquilidad de saber que están cubiertos. El mercado de seguros abre mañana.
Speak up in support of quality, affordable health care for all.
There's nothing to be scared of when searching for health insurance. Three in four people can #GetCovered for less than $75 a month.
Open enrollment begins tomorrow—make sure you and your loved ones #GetCovered.
Senate leaders' obstruction of our Supreme Court nomination process is unacceptable. Say so:
Senate leaders should put the common good above politics—the integrity of our nation's highest court depends on it.
Don't ghost on your health and well-being—your chance to #GetCovered is coming up. Open enrollment starts November 1.
Climate change is happening now. Denial is dangerous.
If you're willing to work hard and play by the rules, you should be able to get ahead.
President Obama lays out just a few of the ways in which #Obamacare has helped millions of Americans.
New report: Renewable energy installations are beating fossil fuel installations for the first time.
Obamacare has helped millions of Americans gain the peace of mind that comes with coverage. Show your support:
This is what happens when we focus on building an economy that works for everyone, not just those at the top.
No one's too wrapped up in pre-existing conditions to #GetCovered. Thanks to Obamacare, you can find a plan that meets your needs.
Help protect the progress we've made in helping millions of Americans get covered. Add your name now:
DYK: Most people can find a plan for less than $75 per month. Open enrollment starts on November 1.
Women, the sick, survivors—they all deserve fair treatment in our health care system.
Don't get tripped up by misinformation. Join the @OFA Truth Team today:
Be proud of the progress we've made together—wear the mark of this movement.
Strong policies that help working families get ahead are good for our economy.
The four-week average of jobless claims fell to the lowest level since 1973—a sign of a healthy labor market.
Since 2010, America's uninsured rate has been cut in half. Help build on that progress—join Team #Obamacare today:
Health care is a right, not a privilege—and #Obamacare works to protect that right for millions of Americans.
Don't get tripped up by misinformation. Join the @OFA Truth Team today:
Being able to stay on a parent's plan enables millions of young adults to make choices about their future with the security of health care.
"Because of Obamacare, another 20 million Americans now know the financial security of health insurance."
Stand up for the law that's helped 20 million more Americans gain health coverage. Join Team @Obamacare today:
There's still more work to do, but let's celebrate how far we've come.
LIVE: President Obama is in Miami talking about the progress made possible by the Affordable Care Act.
Tune in at 1:55 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak about the successes of the Affordable Care Act.
There's a lot of misinformation floating around. Make sure you've got the facts—join the @OFA Truth Team:
From coast to coast, editorial boards are denouncing Senate obstructionism. Take a look:
Our Supreme Court has been short a justice for far too long. #DoYourJob, Senate leaders.
The need for a ninth justice is undeniably clear.
We can't afford to let this be the new normal.
Denying climate change is dangerous. Join @OFA supporters in standing up for bold action now:
Climate change is real, but so is the progress we're making to #ActOnClimate. Let's keep it up.
This is just the latest step forward in the push to #ActOnClimate.
Read why @FLOTUS is fighting to ensure that girls everywhere have access to quality education.
Wildfires in the next few decades could be "unrecognizable" to previous generations—because of climate change:
Senate leaders are blocking the Supreme Court nomination for their own political gain—don't be silent:
Senate leaders have recognized Judge Garland's impeccable credentials in the past. He deserves a fair hearing and an up-or-down vote.
We need a fully functional Supreme Court. Editorial boards across the country agree:
The American Bar Association gave Judge Garland its highest rating. Senate leaders: #DoYourJob and fill the #SCOTUS vacancy.
Denying climate change is dangerous. Join @OFA supporters in standing up for bold action now:
Cynics, take note: When we #ActOnClimate, we build a stronger future.
"That’s how we will overcome the challenges we face: by unleashing the power of all of us for all of us." Read more:
Check out the most recent editorial boards calling on Senate leaders to vote on Judge Garland:
Senate leaders have undercut the functionality of the Supreme Court, and that's unacceptable.
Senate leaders' political games are handicapping the Supreme Court—and judgeships across the country.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at a reception celebrating #HispanicHeritageMonth.
Support the bold steps we're taking against climate change. Say you're ready to #ActOnClimate:
Last week, more than 190 countries reached a landmark deal to reduce carbon pollution from aviation.
Let's leave our children and grandchildren a planet that's healthier than the one we have today.
Climate change's effects are devastating. Denying the science behind it does nothing to help.
"On behalf of Michelle and our family, G’mar Chatimah Tovah." —President Obama
"LGBT individuals deserve to know their country stands beside them." —President Obama
The Supreme Court must remain above politics. Judge Garland needs a hearing and a vote.
Don't stand idly by while Senate leaders continue to block Judge Garland from a fair hearing and vote:
Judge Garland is just as qualified now as he was in 1997, Senate leaders. It's time to #DoYourJob.
Dispel misinformation with facts from the @OFA Truth Team.
The uninsured rate is the lowest it's been in decades, thanks to #Obamacare. Spread the word.
Deadline tonight—help rein in payday lenders that succeed by targeting vulnerable Americans:
The Obama administration and @CFPB are working to protect consumers and #StopTheDebtTrap.
Our economy is on a better, stronger course.
The economic progress we've made is undeniable—let's keep it up.
Check out President Obama's essay in @TheEconomist on the unique challenges the American economy faces.
The economy added 156,000 jobs in September—extending the longest streak of total job growth on record.
ICYMI: Read about the historic #ParisAgreement and what it means for the fight to #ActOnClimate.
The cost of clean energy technology dropped significantly over the last eight years. Get the chart:
This historic step in the fight to #ActOnClimate came faster than anyone predicted.
"Today is a historic day in the fight to protect our planet for future generations." —President Obama
LIVE: President Obama is delivering a statement on the Paris Climate Agreement.
Read from @NYTopinion about why filling the Supreme Court vacancy is crucial for our democracy:
Enough is enough. Say it's time for Senate leaders to get to work:
"Everybody cares about their kids, their grandkids, and the kind of world we pass on to them." —President Obama
Take what matters with you.
We've come a long way, but the fight for fairness and an economy that works for everyone continues.
Side-by-side for 24 years. Here's to many more.
Facts matter. Stay informed with the @OFA Truth Team:
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses why access to paid leave is so important.
Parents shouldn't have to choose between a paycheck and taking care of a sick child at home.
After thirty years in Congress, Senator, this should not be your proudest accomplishment.
We need a fully functioning Supreme Court. Speak up if you agree it's time for a hearing and a vote:
There has never been a more qualified nominee, Senate leaders. He deserves a fair hearing and a vote.
It's the Senate's job to fairly consider Supreme Court nominees. Their refusal to do so is unacceptable:
"Everybody gets sick." Check out what President Obama is doing to extend access to paid sick leave:
Never underestimate the strength and resilience of the American economy.
The @OFA Truth Team makes it easy to stay informed. Join today:
This is no accident—we're making a comeback because together, we've fought hard to support American families.
We're better off than we were eight years ago.
Household incomes are up, and the poverty rate is down across all demographics.
As long as Senate leaders keep refusing to do their jobs, @OFA supporters will continue speaking out against their obstruction.
Senate leaders have blocked Judge Garland's hearing for over six months now. Keep pushing:
Important, tough conversations require solid facts. Get them from the @OFA Truth Team:
These are high praises from the American Bar Association—and yet, Senate leaders refuse to even consider Judge Garland.
Senate leaders' unprecedented obstruction of the Supreme Court nomination must end. Your voice matters:
The American people are waiting for Senate leaders to do their jobs.
Senate leaders have blocked Judge Garland's hearing for over six months now. Keep pushing:
Senate leaders need to work for the good of the American people, not seek out political points.
Watch President Obama and @CEAChair Jason Furman discuss the positive gains the American economy has made.
Here are 16 broken records we shouldn't be proud of.
Stay informed. Stay engaged. Speak up. Join the @OFA Truth Team:
Another record broken: 16 months in a row of undeniable, record-breaking heat.
Happy #FirstDayofFall.
We can't sit idly by. Climate change is likely to threaten our national security—we must act now.
Judge Garland is highly qualified for the bench—even some Senate leaders who are now blocking his hearing have agreed.
Senate leaders' blind obstruction of Judge Garland's nomination sets a dangerous precedent. We can't stand idly by.
Enough of the shameless partisanship, Senators. #DoYourJob and fill the Supreme Court vacancy.
Help keep the pressure on Senate leaders to give Judge Garland a fair hearing before their next recess.
The American Bar Association gave Judge Garland its highest possible rating. He deserves a hearing and a vote.
"Their right to inherit a healthy planet is a sacred responsibility." —President Obama
Communities are already experiencing the effects of climate change—we can't afford not to act. Take a look:
As the #UNGA meets, take a look at the progress we've made thanks to American leadership in the world.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the 71st Session of the United Nations General Assembly.
LIVE: President Obama is delivering a statement in New York.
President Obama commemorates #HispanicHeritageMonth in an address to @CHCI.
Senate leaders are putting politics above their basic responsibility to hold a hearing for Judge Garland.
Six months is long enough, senators. It's time to #DoYourJob and give Judge Garland a hearing.
The Supreme Court should remain above partisan politics, Senator.
Progress starts with a conversation. Make sure you have the facts to get yours started:
When we protect our lands and waters, it helps us protect our climate for future generations.
"There is no 'election year' exception in Article II." Sen. Leahy calls on senators to give Judge Garland a hearing:
President Obama just made history by protecting nearly 5,000 square miles off the New England coast.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the 2016 Our Ocean Conference.
We need nine justices for a fully functioning Supreme Court—and editorial boards across the country agree.
We can't let Senate leaders ignore their constitutional responsibilities.
Stay informed. Stay engaged. Speak up. Join the @OFA Truth Team:
The U.S. is on track to hit two million solar installations within the next two years. Momentum is building:
Time is almost up for Senate leaders to do the right thing and fill the #SCOTUS vacancy.
Median household income: ⬆ Poverty rate: ⬇ Uninsured rate: ⬇ Middle-class economics works.
In 2015, we saw the fastest household income growth on record and the largest drop in the poverty rate since 1968.
The Supreme Court must remain above partisanship. Senate leaders: The time to fill the vacant seat is now.
ICYMI: This is a really big deal.
Vice President Biden speaks on the "dangerous precedent" Senate leaders are setting by refusing to do their jobs.
These are records we can't keep breaking. We must work together to #ActOnClimate.
Meaningful action on climate change can't wait. President Obama explains why in this @nytimes interview.
We need to keep up efforts to fight climate change at every level—locally, nationally, globally.
Senate leaders are back in session. Keep the pressure high—call out their obstructionism.
There's no need to overcomplicate the process.
We must take bold steps now—climate change is already impacting millions of people.
Congress is back, and they have important work to do before their next recess. Make sure you say where you stand:
Stay in the loop with important facts. Join @OFA's Truth Team:
Rising sea levels are already flooding homes and roads along America's coasts. The time to #ActOnClimate is now.
Fewer Americans are uninsured than ever before, thanks to #Obamacare.
Congress is back from recess. Help put the pressure on Senate leaders to give Judge Garland a hearing:
The process is clear. The Supreme Court and American people are waiting for Senate leaders to get to work.
Senate leaders have 32 days before their next recess to give Judge Garland a hearing and a vote. Call them out now:
The Paris Climate Agreement is a big deal in the fight against climate change—and now, a big step closer to reality.
The United States is leading the way in the fight to #ActOnClimate.
Conservation not only protects diverse lands and species, it's also an important part of battling climate change.
"When we protect our lands, it helps us protect the climate for the future." —President Obama
President Obama has a message for America's workers today—check it out:
In the weekly address, President Obama commemorates the labor movement that helped build this country.
Recess is almost over, and editorial boards across the country are calling for Senate leaders to do their jobs.
When Americans stand together, there's no challenge too great to solve—not even climate change. #ActOnClimate today:
Unemployment: ⬇ Deficits: ⬇ Uninsured rate: ⬇ Jobs: +15.1 million
It's been a long road, but we're far better off than we were eight years ago.
The economy added 151,000 jobs in August—extending the longest streak of total job growth on record.
Senate leaders return from recess next week. They need to get to work on a vote for Judge Garland—say so.
Recess is almost over, and editorial boards across the country are calling for Senate leaders to do their jobs.
Stay in the loop with important facts, brought to you weekly. Join @OFA's Truth Team:
Senate leaders need to hear you expect a vote on Judge Garland when recess ends—say you'll let them know:
We can't afford to have a Supreme Court that's short-handed. Here's why:
The American people need their legislators to be dedicated to solutions, not obstruction.
Senate leaders have a job to do—join the thousands reminding them when they reconvene next week.
Summer's almost over, Senate leaders.
Have meaningful, fact-based conversations. Join OFA's Truth Team:
Show off your pride in this movement—grab your Organizing&amp; tee:
Senate leaders must put country before party politics. Read why it's time to give Judge Garland a vote.
It's not too late for Senate leaders to give Judge Garland a fair hearing and up-or-down vote. Say you agree.
Obstruction—especially when it comes to the Supreme Court—is nothing to be proud of, @SenateMajLdr.
President Obama continues his track record of protecting millions of acres of federal land and water. Take a look:
Speaking up is the first step. Let's build on our progress one conversation at a time.
Say you'll continue the fight to make gender equality a reality in America:
We've come a long way, but there's still more to do to make sure women are truly treated equally.
Organize for change in your community, and look good doing it.
"These are our American cathedrals, and they belong to you." —Jonathan B. Jarvis, director of the @NatlParkService
Happy 100th birthday, @NatlParkService. Here's to the next 100.
We need nine Supreme Court justices. The Senate needs to do its job and vote on Judge Garland:
This is nothing more than shameless partisanship. The Supreme Court should be held in higher regard.
Get important news delivered straight to your inbox—join the @OFA Truth Team:
Rhode Island just built America's first offshore wind farm, which will create clean energy and fight climate change.
America's leadership in the fight against climate change pays off in more ways than one.
We can't wait any longer to restore our Supreme Court to full capacity. Tell Senate leaders: It's time for a vote.
The Supreme Court isn't some partisan football to be kicked around. Senate leaders should stop treating it like one.
Read why the Supreme Court needs nine justices, not shameless partisanship.
Get the facts. Cut through the noise with the @OFA Truth Team:
"We’ve protected more than 265 million acres of public lands and waters." —President Obama
In the weekly address, President Obama commemorates the 100th anniversary of the @NatlParkService.
Another record broken.
Our children's health and prosperity is too important to ignore the consequences of climate change. Speak out now:
Climate change is not too big of a challenge to solve. We're making good headway.
“Each month just gives another data point that makes the evidence stronger that we’re changing the climate.”
Fifteen months in a row of record-breaking heat is a signal that can't be denied: We need to #ActOnClimate.
Get the facts, not the fluff—join the OFA Truth Team:
Carry what you need while organizing for change.
New standards for heavy-duty trucks will cut 1.1 billion metric tons of carbon pollution through 2027.
Call on Congress to #DisarmHate. Add your name to support common-sense gun legislation:
We shouldn't accept this as normal.
Doing nothing won't stop our country's gun violence epidemic. Congress must act to #DisarmHate.
We’re taking important steps to help guarantee the basic security of paid family leave.
Senate leaders must stop obstructing our Supreme Court. Take a stand and show your support.
Reminder: It's the Senate's job to fairly consider Supreme Court nominees.
Today, thousands of young DREAMers are able to fully contribute to our communities and our economy.
Judge Garland deserves a fair hearing and an up-or-down vote. Add your voice and show your support:
It’s not too late. Senate leaders can still make this right and give Judge Garland an up-or-down vote.
Editorial boards around the country agree: Our judicial system is too important to be used as a political football.
"There's no doubt that America has become a global leader in the fight against climate change." —President Obama
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses progress made in combating climate change—and what's left to do.
Let's be clear: Senate leaders are playing political games with the Supreme Court.
The Clean Power Plan will improve the future health and well-being of our children and families.
Not long ago, women could be charged more for health insurance—for being women. There's more to do:
Equality isn't a zero-sum game.
Five months is long enough. It's time for a fair hearing and an up-or-down vote.
Senate leaders continue to obstruct a full Supreme Court and it must stop—add your name if you agree:
Read what major news outlets are saying about the critical need for a fully functioning Supreme Court:
20 million more insured ✔️ 15 million new jobs ✔️ A global climate agreement ✔️ Let's keep it going:
Don't let misinformation go unchallenged. Join the @OFA Truth Team and get the facts to fight back:
Being cynical is easy. It's having hope in the face of adversity that's hard—but essential.
Grab one of these for all your progressive organizing travels.
Don't let the cynics win. Keep pushing for change with @OFA.
We've accomplished so much as a movement—and it's thanks to the power of organizing.
Judge Garland has now waited 146 days. That's shameful—and irresponsible.
Senate leaders are hamstringing our Supreme Court. This obstruction is unprecedented—and unacceptable:
Editorial boards from across the country have called on Senate leaders to fill the Supreme Court vacancy.
President Obama has done more to improve energy efficiency than any previous U.S. leader.
Adding clean energy jobs is another way the U.S. is continuing to #ActOnClimate.
Show your support for bold action to fight climate change.
Americans across the country agree that we need bold action in the fight against climate change.
These extreme records aren't a fluke—climate change is largely caused by human activity.
"Team USA reminds the world why America always sets the gold standard." —President Obama
President Obama reflects on his experience as a feminist—and his hopes to continue building toward gender equality.
Today's jobs report underscores what we know to be true: America's economy is the strongest in the world.
This is a good thing for American workers and businesses—but there's more work to do.
Our economy is continuing its comeback. Let's keep up the progress.
The economy added 255,000 jobs in July—a record-breaking 77 months of private-sector job growth.
It’s President Obama’s last birthday in office—​d​on’t forget to sign ​the card.
Keep that smile going strong. Wish President Obama a happy 55th birthday today:
Make President Obama's last birthday in office extra special. Sign the card:
The Clean Power Plan is one of the biggest steps forward in the fight to #ActOnClimate.
One last birthday as Organizer-in-Chief. Help make it a good one—sign the card now:
Birthday game: stronger. Wish President Obama a happy 55th.
From the Clean Power Plan to the Paris Climate Agreement, the U.S. is leading the way in the fight to #ActOnClimate.
Don't sleep on this—the President's birthday is tomorrow. Sign the card now:
Today is the one-year anniversary of the Clean Power Plan—show your support in the fight to #ActOnClimate.
The Clean Power Plan will cut carbon pollution from power plants by 32 percent by 2030.
Show President Obama some love on his 55th birthday—sign the birthday card.
Step 1: Sign President Obama's birthday card. Step 2: Celebrate.
Senate leaders are weakening our highest court by refusing to vote on Judge Garland.
It has been a record-breaking 139 days since Judge Garland was nominated and still no hearing or vote.
Supreme Court seats: 9 Current number of Justices: 8 Number of hearings/votes on President Obama's nominee: 0
44 is turning 55. Celebrate—sign the card.
Judge Garland should get a fair hearing and an up-or-down vote from the Senate. Speak out.
The Supreme Court still needs a ninth justice, but Senate leaders are still refusing to do their jobs.
55? May be time for some new material. Join @OFA in wishing President Obama happy birthday.
Keep up with the issues that matter to you. Spread the facts. Join the @OFA Truth Team.
"We all have to do our job. The President has done his. Senate Republicans must do theirs." —@VP Biden
🎶 Sign the card and wish President Obama a happy birthday. 🎶
In the weekly address, retired Federal Judge Timothy Lewis joins @VP Biden to discuss the #SCOTUS vacancy.
Before their obstruction of President Obama's nominee, these six senators voted to confirm Judge Garland.
Add your name if you think the Supreme Court is no place for partisan political games:
It's been a record-breaking 135 days since President Obama nominated Judge Garland. The obstruction must end.
Help President Obama celebrate his 55th birthday by signing @OFA's card today:
Our children's health and prosperity is too important to ignore the consequences of climate change. Speak out now:
Wildfire seasons are getting longer, more dangerous, and more expensive. We need to do more to #ActOnClimate.
Fighting for progress never goes out of style. Get your @OFA Classic Tee:
It's time to offer serious solutions on how to build on #Obamacare's progress—not take it away.
We've made a lot of progress, but there's still more work to do.
Thanks to #Obamacare, millions of Americans have gained the coverage they need. Say you're proud.
Six years later, and Republican leaders still have no credible #Obamacare alternative.
It's the mark of the movement—wear it proud. Get yours today:
Judge Garland is a well qualified nominee. Senate leaders' refusal to even give him a hearing is unacceptable.
Let's be clear: #Obamacare is working and helping millions of Americans.
97 percent of climate scientists agree—climate change is real and man-made. Stand up for bold action:
It's easy to be cynical, but there's no challenge we can't overcome.
Add your name if you think we need common-sense legislation to prevent gun violence.
Actively ignoring this epidemic is unacceptable. Congress has to act.
Add your name if you believe Senate leaders need to put aside partisan politics and fill the Supreme Court vacancy.
Restoring the Supreme Court to full strength must remain above Senate leaders' petty politics.
The federal minimum wage hasn't been raised since 2009. $7.25 isn't enough to make ends meet—we need to #RaiseTheWage.
"Our economy is stronger today than it was before the crisis." —President Obama
In the weekly address, @SenWarren joins President Obama to discuss economic progress and Wall Street reform.
Add your name if you believe Senate leaders need to put aside partisan politics and fill the Supreme Court vacancy:
A reminder for Senate leaders: Judge Garland has had strong bipartisan support in the past.
Ida is one of the millions of people getting new opportunities to go solar and save money. Find out more:
Our economy is making real progress.
By almost every economic measure, our economy is better off than it was eight years ago.
America’s businesses have created more than 14 million new private-sector jobs over 76 straight months.
For three years in a row, heat records have been broken across the globe. We have to #ActOnClimate now.
Make your voice heard: The Senate must fill the vacancy on the Supreme Court.
Today marks 125 days since Judge Garland's nomination—the longest time in history from nomination to confirmation.
Editorial boards across the country are calling on Senate leaders to fill the Supreme Court vacancy. Read more:
The majority of Americans believe Judge Garland should get a fair hearing—add your name if you agree.
Read President Obama's op-ed in the @WSJ on the need for Senate leaders to fill the #SCOTUS vacancy:
Happening now: President Obama is delivering a statement on the shooting in Baton Rouge.
Happening now: President Obama is delivering remarks at the Diplomatic Corps Reception.
Tonight: President Obama joins a town hall discussion on communities and policing. Watch at 8 p.m. ET on @ABC:
Stay in touch with the latest news—join the @OFA Truth Team:
Check out @VP Biden on the Supreme Court vacancy and Senate Republicans’ continued obstruction.
Watch President Obama deliver remarks at the #DallasMemorial service yesterday.
President Obama is delivering remarks at an interfaith memorial service for the fallen police officers in Dallas.
At 1:40 p.m. ET, President Obama will be speaking at a memorial service for the fallen police officers in Dallas.
Happy Fourth of July.
"Just imagine the peace and justice that would be possible in our world if we all lived a little more like Elie Wiesel." —President Obama
Watch President Obama share a #FourthOfJuly message in the weekly address.
Millions of Americans believe the Senate should hold a fair hearing for Judge Garland. Are you one of them?
Nationwide, editorial boards agree that Senate leaders should get to work and hold a fair hearing for Judge Garland.
Chicago raising its minimum wage is another reminder: Congress needs to keep up and #RaiseTheWage for hard-working Americans nationwide.
Congrats to Chicago and all those who fought to #RaiseTheWage. Boosting paychecks for hard-working Americans is the right thing to do.
Don't let the facts get drowned out. Join the OFA Truth Team today:
Since #Obamacare passed, health care spending has been slowing—and the uninsured rate is down to an all-time low.
Quick—you're running out of time to chip in before the fundraising deadline.
We can do more than thoughts, prayers, and moments of silence. Add your voice to call on Congress to #DisarmHate.
Stretch it out and get ready—the fundraising deadline is tonight.
An overwhelming majority of Americans agree—Congress needs to act.
Reach out and help build this movement—pitch in:
After Monday's #SCOTUS ruling, more unconstitutional restrictions on women's reproductive rights are falling.
Add your name if you agree: Climate change is real and it's going to take global action to tackle it.
A new historic goal in the fight to #ActOnClimate.
Speak up and demand that Congress act on gun violence prevention:
Enough has been enough for a long time. Congress needs to vote on sensible gun legislation now.
Congratulations to D.C., and thanks to Mayor Bowser and the D.C. Council for fighting to #RaiseTheWage.
"She outworked her rivals ... and became a role model to millions of Americans—including our two daughters." —President Obama on Pat Summitt
You don't need super powers to help push progress forward. Chip in today:
Today's #SCOTUS ruling reaffirms that every woman has a right to make her own reproductive choices.
Say you'll keep fighting to protect a woman's right to make her own reproductive choices.
The Supreme Court just struck down Texas' overly restrictive abortion laws—a win for women's reproductive rights.
Love only wins when people like you stand up and fight for it. Are you in?
We must keep working toward an America free from discrimination against LGBT individuals.
President Obama designates the first national monument honoring the LGBT rights movement.
Wear your love with pride.
"We can’t rest. We’ve got to keep pushing for equality and acceptance and tolerance." —President Obama
Marriage equality is one year old. But we still have a long way to go for full equality.
Stand in solidarity with LGBT Americans—add your name.
We've made enormous progress toward full equality for LGBT Americans. Let's keep it going.
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses the Stonewall Inn's significance and the ongoing push for progress:
Take a look: @VP Biden discusses what 4-4 decisions—like yesterday's on immigration—mean for our country.
From gun violence prevention to LGBT rights, this grassroots movement is fighting for progress. Show your support:
"Stonewall will be our first national monument to tell the story of the struggle for LGBT rights." —President Obama
A few words used by leading legal minds to describe Judge Garland: Phenomenal Exceptionally bright Fair-minded
Think the Senate should give Judge Garland a fair hearing? Add your voice:
Because Senate leaders refuse to do their jobs, the Supreme Court cannot properly do its job.
Speak up and demand that Congress act on gun violence prevention:
Congress: Listen to the millions of voices demanding a vote on efforts to reduce gun violence.
Our immigration system is broken, and we need Congress for a long-term solution—speak up for #ImmigrationAction:
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about today's Supreme Court immigration ruling.
We need more than moments of silence. We need action. And that's what's going on in the House now:
The kind of obstruction we're seeing from Senate leaders is unprecedented.
If you're one of the millions of Americans who believes Judge Garland should get a fair hearing, add your voice:
Judge Merrick Garland just received the American Bar Association's highest rating:
Say you support decisive action to tackle climate change.
Clean energy is here to stay.
"There's something sacred about this place." —President Obama on Yosemite National Park
Staying informed is too important leave to chance. Join the @OFA Truth Team today:
Join @vj44 on a conference call to discuss efforts we can take to help reduce gun violence.
Take a look at President Obama's interview with @NatGeo on national parks, climate change and more.
"To me, fatherhood means being there." —President Obama
Happy Father's Day to all the dads out there.
In the weekly address, the President talks about setting examples for children in light of tragedies like Orlando.
President Obama has taken unprecedented steps to protect our land and water for future generations.
This week, people all over the world came together to stand with the LGBT community—take a look:
"Minds open. Hearts change. America shifts." —President Obama
Today, #LoveIsLove in all 50 states. But millions of Americans are still fighting to end discrimination—join them:
This is how you Slow Jam the News:
Watch President Obama Slow Jam the News on @FallonTonight at 11:35 p.m. ET.
Be proud of how far we've come—and continue to push for progress.
Senate leaders' refusal to give Judge Garland a fair hearing is pure politics.
Your support for a fair hearing and timely up-or-down vote to fill the vacancy on the Supreme Court matters:
Senate leaders' politicization of the Supreme Court is "unconscionable."
Love looks good on you. Wear it with pride:
This month and every month.
Unemployment rate ⬇ Federal deficit ⬇ Uninsured rate ⬇
Watch as President Obama tackles four common myths about our economy.
Former Energy Secretary @GovRichardson: Why the #TPP will make a difference in fighting climate change.
"We pray that the greatest fighter of them all finally rests in peace." —President Obama
The Supreme Court shouldn't be part of partisan political games. Add your name if you agree:
It's time for Senate leaders to end the obstruction of our Supreme Court.
Make sure you have all the facts—sign up to be part of the @OFA Truth Team.
This is the largest annual global increase in renewable power capacity—ever:
Watch: This is why people across the country have decided to #WearOrange today.
Gun violence takes too many lives in our country. Congress must do something about it—add your name if you agree:
This National Gun Violence Awareness Day, keep the pressure on Congress to act.
The noise around gun violence is loud. But we can be louder.
Join the thousands of people calling on Congress to do something about gun violence—add your name:
Gun violence takes far too many lives in America. Congress needs to act.
LAST CHANCE: Keep calm and enter before the midnight deadline.
Speak out against gun violence—#WearOrange tomorrow.
Don't miss your chance to meet President Obama this summer. Enter before tonight's deadline:
This is progress—but there's still more work to do to make sure our economy works for everybody.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking in Elkhart, Indiana, highlighting America's economic progress.
Tune in at 3:25 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak in Elkhart, Indiana—seven years after his first visit.
"Make the choice to do some good in the world." Watch Judge Garland speak to high school seniors at his alma mater:
You don't want to miss out on this opportunity—enter now before tonight's deadline.
Suit up—enter for a chance to meet President Obama before the deadline.
The Supreme Court shouldn't be part of partisan political games. Add your name if you agree:
Because some Senate leaders won't do their jobs, the Supreme Court can't fully do its job.
Share a laugh with President Obama—enter now for your chance.
"Today, and every day, let us remember the servicemen and women we have lost." —President Obama
"This Memorial weekend, I hope you’ll join me in acts of remembrance." —President Obama
A new survey shows that the overwhelming majority of #Obamacare customers are satisfied with their plans:
Join the @OFA Truth Team and help set the record straight on issues you care about:
Enter now for the chance to get some pointers from the Commander-in-Chief.
Stand up for a fair hearing and timely up-or-down vote for Judge Merrick Garland:
Judge Garland: Independent mind ✓ Highly qualified ✓ Has had bipartisan support ✓ Senate leaders:
Tell your friends you fist bumped President Obama—enter now for your chance.
Senate leaders' obstruction of our Supreme Court is completely unprecedented.
Senate leaders need to stop obstructing our Supreme Court—add your name if you agree:
Judge Garland was confirmed with bipartisan support in the past. He deserves a fair hearing.
Get some face time with President Obama. Enter now for your chance to meet him:
If you think Senate leaders should do their jobs and fill the #SCOTUS vacancy, add your name now:
Don't pass this up—enter now:
"People want Senate to act on Supreme Court vacancy." See what editorial boards are saying:
Ever wished you could meet President Obama? Here's your chance.
Judge Garland has one of the most impressive resumes of any Supreme Court nominee in recent history.
You don't want to miss out on this chance. Enter today:
Editorial boards to senators: #DoYourJob and fill the Supreme Court vacancy.
President Obama did his job, now it's time for the Senate to fulfill its duties—say you agree:
On average, it's taken 67 days to confirm Supreme Court nominees since 1975.
"This week my administration took a step to help more workers get the overtime pay they’ve earned." —President Obama
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses expanding #overtime for millions of American workers:
This summer, you and a friend could meet President Obama. Here's how:
Check out editorials from across the country calling on senators to fill the Supreme Court vacancy:
Editorial boards across the country are telling Senate leaders: #DoYourJob.
Despite Judge Garland's qualifications, some Senate leaders still refuse to give him a hearing—speak out:
The uninsured rate just hit 9.1 percent—the lowest ever recorded.
Don't miss this:
Thanks to the new #overtime rule, millions of hard-working Americans will have more economic security.
Stand up for middle-class workers—add your name to support the Obama administration's new #overtime rule:
Marriage equality? Affordable health care? Or economic progress? Tell him in person:
Add your name if you support the Obama administration's new #overtime rule that expands protections for millions:
LIVE: @VP Biden is speaking about the economy at @jenisicecreams headquarters in Ohio.
This is a big day for millions of middle-class workers.
LIVE: Senate Judiciary Democrats are holding a forum on Judge Merrick Garland.
Here's your chance: Tell President Obama what you're most thankful for—in person.
Judge Garland's former clerks have a lot to say about his record, work-life balance, and more—take a look:
Senate leaders are continuing to obstruct a fair hearing for Judge Garland—help put the pressure on:
It's time for Senate leaders to put politics aside and fill the Supreme Court vacancy.
April was the seventh consecutive month of record-high temperatures. We need to #ActOnClimate.
Think Senate leaders should do their jobs and give Judge Garland a fair hearing? Add your name:
LIVE: President Obama is speaking with @BuzzFeed about his #SCOTUS nominee, Judge Merrick Garland.
We need to lead this fight.
Change happens because people like you fight to make it happen.
Show your support for continued efforts to tackle climate change:
Read more about the historic new standards in place to reduce methane pollution:
Senate leaders should listen to the American people.
Say you support a fair #SCOTUS nomination process—speak up now:
Find out what Judge Merrick Garland's former clerks have to say about his record as a public servant:
Editorial boards are speaking up on the #SCOTUS vacancy. Here's what they're saying:
Add your name if you support big steps forward in the fight to tackle climate change:
The Obama administration just finalized standards to cut methane pollution and improve public health.
We can't afford to have a key part of our democracy understaffed. We need nine justices.
The Senate should give President Obama's Supreme Court nominee a fair hearing and an up-or-down vote.
Add your voice to the push for a fair Supreme Court nomination process:
Here's where editorial boards across the country stand when it comes to the #SCOTUS vacancy:
Senate leaders: #DoYourJob and give Judge Garland the fair hearing he deserves.
Join the hundreds of thousands of people calling on Senate leaders to give Judge Garland a fair hearing:
Judge Garland has impeccable credentials—he deserves a fair hearing from the Senate.
Add your name if you agree: We need a full Supreme Court bench for a functioning democracy.
Partisan obstructionism shouldn't hold back our Supreme Court.
President Obama has a message for @OFA supporters on the work ahead:
"This Mother’s Day, say thank you. Say, 'I love you.'" —President Obama
Add your name if you think Senate leaders need to stop obstructing our Supreme Court:
74 consecutive months—more than six years—of private-sector job growth. Let's keep up the progress.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about the economy and new steps to strengthen financial transparency.
The economy added 160,000 jobs in April—a record-breaking 74 months of private-sector job growth.
President Obama just granted clemency to 58 men and women who've earned a second chance:
Say that Senate leaders should stop hiding behind excuses and give Judge Garland a fair hearing:
Check out President Obama's latest message to @OFA supporters and volunteers:
President Obama: When American workers and businesses compete on a level playing field, no one can beat us.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at Northwestern High School in Flint, Michigan.
Retweet if you agree.
Make your voice heard on a fair #SCOTUS nomination process—add your name today:
LIVE: President Obama honors the 2016 National Teacher of the Year.
Good climate change policy and good economic policy can go hand in hand.
American workers deserve a trade agreement that works for them. Check out President Obama's op-ed on #TPP:
The United States just hit one million solar installations—enough to power 5.5 million homes.
Say you're one of the majority of Americans who want Senate leaders to give Judge Garland a fair hearing.
Building a clean energy economy is a great way to #ActOnClimate for people across the country.
Read what editorial boards across the country have to say about the #SCOTUS vacancy:
It's unacceptable for obstructionists in the Senate to play political games with the Supreme Court. Say you agree:
"And with that, I just have two more words to say—Obama out." —President Obama at the #WHCD Don't miss this:
Watch "Couch Commander" President Obama at last night's #WHCD:
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the #WHCD.
Tune in at 8:00 p.m. ET to watch "Comedian-in-Chief" President Obama at the #WHCD:
"Poll after poll shows a majority of Americans think Senate Republicans should do their job." —President Obama
In the weekly address, President Obama has a simple message for Senate Republicans: #DoYourJob.
Senate leaders need to do their jobs and fill the #SCOTUS vacancy.
Clean air makes for healthier and safer communities.
Hundreds of thousands of Americans are calling on Senate leaders to fill the #SCOTUS vacancy—join them:
It's been more than 40 days since Judge Garland was nominated. Senate leaders: #DoYourJob.
Don't let climate change deniers jeopardize the progress we've made toward a safer, healthier future. Call them out:
Fighting climate change will save Americans money at the gas pump.
Add your name if you support global efforts to tackle climate change:
Watch Professor Obama take obstructionists in the Senate back to school with #SCOTUS 101.
For the health of our children and grandchildren, we have to #ActOnClimate.
The Senate should uphold its constitutional duty and give Judge Garland a fair hearing. Add your name if you agree:
Watch: Professor Obama has a #SCOTUS lesson for obstructionists in the Senate.
"Not to let the Constitution function is totally irresponsible and it's never happened like this before." —@VP
Don't let climate change deniers derail progress—show your support for bold action on climate change:
The fight to tackle climate change took a big step on Friday with hundreds of countries signing the #ParisAgreement.
ICYMI: The U.S. and more than 170 other nations just signed the #ParisAgreement—the first ever global climate deal.
We all play a part in helping to stop gun violence. Do your part—#WearOrange on June 2.
We're already seeing the effects of climate change. Denial is unacceptable.
Show your support for bold moves to combat climate change—add your name:
Carbon pollution is the biggest contributor to climate change—and President Obama is taking it head on.
"We have criminal justice policies, including unfair sentencing laws, that need to be reformed." —President Obama
In the weekly address, President Obama talks about his efforts to improve our criminal justice system.
"From our family to yours, chag sameach." —President Obama
Happy #EarthDay.
We can tackle climate change—but it's going to take all of us working together.
Bold action on climate change matters.
Say you'll stand up for bold action to fight climate change:
The Paris Agreement is a big deal.
"'A strong spirit transcends rules,' Prince once said—and nobody's spirit was stronger, bolder, or more creative." —President Obama
President Obama is investing in a more sustainable future.
We can't let climate change deniers derail progress—say you stand for bold action:
Continuing to invest in clean energy like solar power is critical in the fight to #ActOnClimate.
Last year, wind energy generated enough electricity to power 17.5 million homes:
Add your name to support bold action to combat climate change:
Climate change is real—and it's devastating communities across the country. We have #ActOnClimate now.
The wind energy industry keeps growing—here's the latest on its record-setting year:
Stand up today for a fair Supreme Court nomination process:
Happy National Park Week. Go #FindYourPark today.
President Obama's #ImmigrationAction could have a big economic impact.
Last month continued the streak of record-breaking global temperatures.
This is unprecedented.
Show your support for a fair hearing and timely up-or-down vote for Judge Merrick Garland:
Editorial boards are making their voices heard on the #SCOTUS nomination process. See what they're saying:
Add your name if you think the Senate should give Judge Garland fair consideration:
See what editorial boards are saying about Senate leaders' refusal to give Judge Garland a fair hearing:
This kind of Senate obstructionism is completely unprecedented.
Climate change means wildfires are now a continual threat in some parts of the country:
LIVE: President Obama is delivering remarks at the #WHScienceFair.
Tune in at 2:50 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak at the #WHScienceFair:
Judge Garland is highly qualified for the Supreme Court—he deserves a hearing.
Read why having nine Supreme Court justices is critical for our judicial system:
It's time.
"Improving gender equality would add at least $2.1 trillion to U.S. gross domestic product by 2025."
Retweet if you agree.
Stand up for equal pay—add your name now:
"I'm here to say we will close the wage gap." —President Obama
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about women's equality on #EqualPayDay.
Tune in at 11:25 a.m. ET to watch as President Obama designates a new national monument honoring women's equality:
Side by side.
We cannot let political gridlock and dysfunction spread to our Supreme Court.
It's time for the United States to #LeadOnLeave—show your support if you agree:
Retweet if you believe it's time for the United States to #LeadOnLeave.
Speak up for a fair hearing for Judge Merrick Garland:
This is unprecedented.
Add a comment if you agree: American workers shouldn't have to choose between their health and a paycheck.
Working families in America should have the basic security of paid sick leave.
If you think Judge Merrick Garland deserves a fair hearing and an up-or-down vote, add your name:
LIVE: The President is at @UChicagoLaw discussing why Judge Garland deserves a fair hearing and an up-or-down vote.
Tune in at 3:30 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak about the #SCOTUS nomination process at @UChicagoLaw:
Read what a former @UChicagoLaw student learned from Professor Obama:
Show your support for the proposal to expand paid sick leave—add a comment today:
The U.S. is the only advanced nation that doesn't guarantee paid sick leave—it's time to change that.
The Senate has more than enough time to give Judge Garland a fair up-or-down vote.
Add your voice to the thousands calling on Senate leaders to give Judge Merrick Garland a fair hearing:
If we don't #ActOnClimate now, the sea level could rise by more than six feet by the end of the century:
Clean energy currently employs 2.5 million people in the United States. Check it out:
Ten million workers in California and New York now have better economic security:
LIVE: President Obama is delivering a statement on the economy.
Tune in at 12:15 p.m. ET to watch President Obama deliver a statement about the economy:
"Supreme Court struggles with just eight justices."
An overwhelming majority of Americans want a fair #SCOTUS nomination process—add your name if you're one of them:
Judge Merrick Garland received bipartisan support in the past. Today should be no different.
Stay informed and get the facts with the @OFA Truth Team:
Our economy is making real progress, but we have to keep fighting to make sure that it works for everybody.
"Another encouraging jobs report," as the longest streak of private-sector job growth on record continues.
The United States of America has the strongest, most durable economy in the world—and it's getting better.
The economy added 215,000 jobs in March—a record-breaking 73 months of private-sector job growth.
This is it—your last chance to win a free trip to Chicago to meet James Taylor:
DEADLINE: Chip in to support this grassroots movement before midnight tonight.
You've got a friend that wants to meet James Taylor? Enter today and you could both be heading to Chicago:
Marriage equality. Obamacare. A global climate agreement. Push for more progress:
Get weekly updates on everything from the #SCOTUS nomination process to climate change:
Calling all supporters—the fundraising deadline is here. Do your part to chip in:
Enjoy the tunes of James Taylor in Chicago this summer—enter before tomorrow's deadline:
Time's almost up. Pitch in before the deadline:
Tell Senate leaders to do their jobs and give Judge Garland a fair hearing:
Make a play before the big fundraising deadline tomorrow—pitch in now:
A free flight to Chicago. A free hotel room. Tickets to see the legendary James Taylor. Enter now:
Start your engines—the big fundraising deadline is coming up. Chip in:
Ever met a music legend? Here's your chance—meet James Taylor in Chicago this summer:
Judge Merrick Garland deserves fair consideration from the Senate:
Read President Obama's op-ed on why Judge Merrick Garland deserves a Senate hearing:
Judge Garland deserves a fair hearing.
Add your name for a chance to see James Taylor perform live in Chicago this summer:
LIVE: President Obama and @FLOTUS are participating in the annual White House #EasterEggRoll.
"We wish all who celebrate a blessed and joyful Easter." —President Obama
"Michelle and I join our fellow Christians in observing Good Friday and celebrating Easter this weekend." —President Obama
Follow @WeNeedNine for updates on the fight to fill the Supreme Court vacancy.
Tell Senate leaders to do their jobs and give Judge Garland a fair hearing:
Judge Garland is a highly qualified nominee to fill the #SCOTUS vacancy. Senators, it's time to #DoYourJob.
"I believe Judge Garland is exactly the kind of judge we need on the Supreme Court." —President Obama
Judge Garland deserves fair consideration from the Senate.
Join @OFA in calling on Senate leaders to give Judge Garland a fair hearing and a timely vote:
The support for a fair hearing for Judge Garland is growing.
LIVE: @VP Biden is urging the Senate to give Judge Merrick Garland a fair hearing and timely up-or-down vote.
Tune in at 12:30 p.m. ET to see @VP Biden speak about why fair consideration for Judge Garland is so important:
It's a paws-itively beautiful day.
Obamacare: Giving young adults (and their parents) peace of mind since 2010.
Obamacare is here to stay.
20 million Americans covered: ✔ 9 in 10 Americans now have health insurance: ✔ Lowest uninsured rate on record: ✔
On the sixth anniversary of #Obamacare, stand with @OFA and say you'll keep fighting for affordable health care:
Want to meet James Taylor in Chicago? Enter today for your chance:
Judge Merrick Garland deserves fair consideration from the Senate.
Tell Senate leaders: Your constituents expect you to #DoYourJob.
"Give Judge Garland the respect he has earned. Give him a hearing. Give him an up-or-down vote." —President Obama
In the weekly address, President Obama urges the Senate to give Judge Garland a fair hearing and timely vote:
Read from @business editorial board on why Judge Merrick Garland deserves a fair hearing:
Check out how @OFA supporters are calling for a fair #SCOTUS hearing and timely up-or-down vote:
Retweet if you believe Judge Merrick Garland deserves fair consideration.
Make your voice heard on a fair #SCOTUS nomination process for Judge Merrick Garland:
Happy #StPatricksDay.
Yesterday President Obama revealed his March Madness bracket. Check it out:
President Obama took his constitutional duty seriously and nominated a well qualified #SCOTUSnominee.
Judge Garland is a qualified #SCOTUSnominee with past bipartisan approval—show your support:
Judge Merrick Garland deserves a fair hearing and a timely vote.
HAPPENING NOW: President Obama is announcing his nominee to fill the #SCOTUS vacancy.
Tune in at 11 a.m. ET to watch President Obama announce his #SCOTUSnominee:
Senate leaders shouldn't hold up the Supreme Court nomination process—sign the petition:
These editorials explain why the Senate must do its job and hold fair #SCOTUS nomination hearings:
This February was so hot that it shattered global records. Check it out:
There's a lot of misinformation out there—help spread the facts with the @OFA Truth Team:
Happy #PiDay.
By a margin of nearly 2-to-1, Americans believe the Senate should hold hearings on a #SCOTUS nominee:
Refusing to even meet with a #SCOTUS nominee has no basis in the Constitution.
If you think the Senate should give President Obama's #SCOTUS nominee a fair hearing, add your name:
LIVE: President Obama is participating in a #SXSW2016 panel on civic engagement and technology.
The Senate should fairly consider a #SCOTUS nominee—sign the petition if you agree:
Not caught up on the Supreme Court vacancy? Read what editorial boards around the country are saying:
The United States and Canada are joining together to reduce methane pollution. Read more:
Refusing to hold a hearing on a presidential nominee is unprecedented. Tell Senate leaders:
Senators on the Judiciary Committee have demanded a vote on judicial nominees 90 times. Here's a list:
"Under my chairmanship, every Supreme Court nominee was given a hearing and a vote in the Judiciary Committee." —@VP
Add your name if you think the Senate should do its job:
"Senate needs to think and vote." See what editorials boards are saying about the Supreme Court nomination:
The President is going to nominate a qualified Supreme Court Justice—tell Senate leaders to do their jobs:
From @VP Biden: Why the Senate shouldn't hold back the #SCOTUS nomination process.
We've come a long way on women's equality, but there's still so much work to be done.
"U.S. solar seems poised for not just a record year but perhaps a blowout year." Get the numbers:
"If Selma taught us anything, it’s that our work is never done." —President Obama
Refusing to hold hearings for a president's #SCOTUS nominee has never happened before.
There is no excuse to delay the #SCOTUS nomination—add your name to @OFA's petition if you agree:
Most Americans agree that the Senate should do its job and give the #SCOTUS nominee a fair hearing:
A well-qualified #SCOTUS nominee deserves a fair hearing and a timely up-or-down vote.
Take a look at what editorial boards across the country think of the Senate refusing to do its job:
It's the Senate's duty to fairly consider the President's #SCOTUS nominee—and there's plenty of time to do so.
February's 242,000 new jobs mean the American economy has been creating jobs for six straight years.
The American economy continues its comeback.
The economy added 242,000 jobs in February—a record-breaking six straight years of private-sector job growth.
The majority of Americans agree that President Obama should nominate someone to fill the #SCOTUS vacancy:
LIVE: President Obama is celebrating Milwaukee's victory in the Healthy Communities Challenge.
Sign the petition—join the thousands of voices speaking up for a fair Supreme Court nomination process:
Tune in at 12:50 p.m. ET to see President Obama congratulate Milwaukee on winning the Healthy Communities Challenge.
This is what a consensus looks like.
Deliberately creating partisan gridlock is not the way our democracy should work.
The obstruction of our Supreme Court is completely unprecedented. Sign the petition telling the Senate: #DoYourJob.
Refusing to consider a #SCOTUS nominee before one is even announced is irresponsible.
Leaving a seat open on the Supreme Court for more than a year is irresponsible—sign the petition:
We're seeing the fastest rise in sea-levels in nearly 3,000 years:
Get the facts on everything from a fair #SCOTUS nomination process to climate change:
Today's the 55th birthday of the @PeaceCorps. Thanks to all who have served across the globe.
It's the Senate's duty to give the President's nominee a fair hearing and a timely vote.
"One-third of all U.S. presidents appointed a Supreme Court justice in an election year." (h/t @washingtonpost)
Sign @OFA's petition to let the Senate know you demand a fair Supreme Court nomination process:
LIVE: President Obama is presenting the Medal of Honor to Senior Chief Special Warfare Operator Edward Byers.
Thanks to the #RecoveryAct, clean energy investments have created hundreds of thousands of jobs.
Our economy has come a long way, but there's more work to do—say you support common-sense economic policies:
Seven years ago, our economy was shedding nearly 800,000 jobs a day. We've come a long way.
Our economy has added 14 million jobs over the longest streak of private-sector job growth on record.
LIVE: President Obama is highlighting the progress of the American economy.
Tune in at 1:55 p.m. ET to see President Obama speak about the economic progress we've made since the #RecoveryAct.
Tell the Senate: Stop playing games with our Supreme Court.
The Senate should fulfill its constitutional duty and fairly consider the President's nominee.
Add your name if you agree: Failing to fill the Supreme Court vacancy for over a year is unacceptable.
Retweet if you agree that we can't afford to play political games over the Supreme Court vacancy.
The solar industry hit record growth last year, surpassing natural gas installations for the first time:
This kind of obstruction is unprecedented. Tell Senate leaders:
Sign @OFA's petition to let the Senate know you demand a fair Supreme Court nomination process:
President Obama on his constitutional responsibility and the qualities he's looking for in his #SCOTUS nominee:
Refusing to even consider the President's Supreme Court nominee is unprecedented. Tell the Senate: #DoYourJob.
With more than 300 days left in President Obama's term, the Senate has no excuse to delay.
Be part of the team debunking myths with facts—join the @OFA Truth Team:
LIVE: President Obama is delivering a statement from the Roosevelt Room.
A fair judicial nomination process is important for a functioning democracy—read more:
Speak up for a fair nomination process and a timely vote by the Senate—sign @OFA's petition:
The Senate should not play political games with our Supreme Court.
"The Senate also has a constitutional duty: to consider presidential nominees expeditiously." (h/t @latimes)
Add your name to let the Senate know: The Supreme Court is too important to be held hostage by partisan politics.
Gain the skills you need to turn a desire for change into impact—apply to be an @OFA fellow today:
The impact of climate change in one GIF:
The longest streak of private-sector job growth, 4.9% unemployment rate—middle-class economics is working.
It's official: January 2016 was the most abnormally warm month on record.
Read what @VP Biden has to say about our economic comeback, thanks in part to the Recovery Act:
In the past seven years, our economy has made real progress.
This #Valentines Day, speak up for equality:
No matter who you are or whom you love, celebrate #Valentines Day with pride.
Stand against discrimination—join the fight for equality.
Retweet if you believe #LoveIsLove.
Watch President Obama thank @TheEllenShow for all she's done for the LGBT community:
Read President Obama's thoughts on climate change, technology, and #WomenInSTEM:
Thanks to President Obama, future generations will still be able to explore—from sea to shining sea.
President Obama has protected more land and water than any of his predecessors—and he's not done yet:
Marriage equality may be the law of the land, but there's more work to do to end discrimination. Join the fight:
Show what you believe—get the #LoveIsLove tee.
Celebrate this Valentine's Day with pride, and no matter who you love, commit to ending discrimination.
"The fact is we’ve gotten a heck of a lot done these past seven years, despite the gridlock." —President Obama
LIVE: President Obama is speaking in Springfield, Illinois.
Tune in at 4:25 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak to supporters in Springfield, Illinois:
Join the @OFA Truth Team and spread the facts on issues that matter:
Say cheese.
An increase in solar jobs is good for our economy and our environment.
Good news: 2015 was another great year for clean energy growth.
Criminal justice reform is overdue. Speak up for fairness—add your name:
We need to #FixTheSystem.
Health care marketplace enrollment numbers are in, and it's good news. Take a look:
"The budget I will send to Congress this Tuesday will double funding for clean energy research." —President Obama
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses how the private-sector is helping in the fight to #ActOnClimate:
Last year was the second-best year for job creation since the late 1990s—but there's more work to do.
The economy continues a record-breaking streak of 71 straight months of private-sector job growth. Read more:
LIVE: President Obama is delivering a statement on the economy.
Middle-class economics is working.
Stand up for a smarter, fairer criminal justice system—add your name now:
It's time to #FixTheSystem.
Check out President Obama's message to @OFA supporters on the importance of keeping up the fight for progress:
Everyone has to pitch in to #StopGunViolence, including the private sector. Check out what @Facebook just did.
Progress is not inevitable—it depends on hard work. Say you'll fight for it:
LIVE: President Obama is speaking in Baltimore.
More than 60 attempts later, and Congress is still wasting time and money trying to repeal or dismantle #Obamacare.
Show your organizing pride.
No fluff, just facts—that's the Truth Team way. Join now:
There's just a few hours left to #GetCovered for 2016:
Spread the word: Today is the last day to #GetCovered for 2016.
TODAY: The last day to check out your options and #GetCovered. Don't miss it.
The end of the open enrollment is right around the corner—make sure your friends know how to #GetCovered:
Have a worry-free weekend, and take care of this right now:
There's still time to #GetCovered—but hurry:
Just two days left to get #GetCovered for 2016.
Check out what President Obama is doing to help advance #EqualPay for women.
Add your name if you agree that equal work deserves #EqualPay:
Seven years ago, President Obama signed the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act—a step forward. But the fight isn't over.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about the importance of #EqualPay for women.
Tune in at 12:10 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak on the anniversary of the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act.
Join the team that's fighting misinformation with facts:
Don't miss this deadline:
The open enrollment period ends on Sunday—talk to your friends about how they can #GetCovered:
Preventive care is free under Obamacare. Check out your options and #GetCovered.
Retweet to spread the word, and make sure your friends #GetCovered.
It's not too late—get your vintage tee today.
Scientists agree climate change is man-made—and we can do something about it.
"In our criminal justice system, the punishment should fit the crime." —President Obama
Before Sunday: #GetCovered.
Last night, President Obama banned the use of solitary confinement for juveniles in federal prisons. Read more:
Health care reform has helped millions—join the team that's fighting to protect it.
A new study confirms that the #TPP will raise wages for American workers and grow our economy.
Time's running out to #GetCovered before the January 31 deadline. Check out your options:
Take a look at President Obama's latest common-sense step to help fight climate change:
Join the millions who've enrolled in the new marketplace. The deadline is January 31:
Fifteen of the 16 hottest years ever recorded have been in the 21st century. See for yourself:
"If you haven’t looked at your new coverage options, you’ve still got time to get covered." —President Obama
In the weekly address, President Obama encourages people to check out their health care options and #GetCovered:
Extreme voices in Congress have tried to dismantle #Obamacare more than 60 times—join the team that's fighting back:
Check ups: covered under Obamacare.
97 percent of climate scientists agree: Climate change is real and man-made.
"The government should not intrude on private decisions made between a woman and her doctor." —President Obama
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the U.S. Conference of Mayors.
Be prepared for the cold. #GetCovered today:
Get the peace of mind that comes with having health insurance—#GetCovered today:
Fighting climate change: ✔ Creating jobs: ✔ The solar industry is booming.
"The American auto industry is all the way back." —President Obama
It's official: Last year was the hottest year on record—by a very wide margin.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking in Detroit about the progress of the American auto industry.
Tune in at 3:25 p.m. ET to watch President Obama highlight the economic comeback of the auto industry:
Shop around:
Read how @OFA organizers are sharing their personal stories to help #StopGunViolence:
American diplomacy has helped make the world safer and more secure through the #IranDeal. Read how:
Because of American diplomacy, all of Iran's pathways to a nuclear weapon have been blocked.
"It is our mission to fulfill his vision of a nation devoted to rejecting bigotry in all its forms." —President Obama
Happy birthday, @FLOTUS. Thank you for all you do.
"That’s when America works best—when everyone has opportunity; when everyone has some security." —President Obama
In the weekly address, President Obama speaks about taking steps to modernize our unemployment insurance system.
President Obama announced a pause on new coal leases on federal lands—a step forward in the fight to #ActOnClimate:
LIVE: President Obama is answering questions from @smartereveryday, @sWooZ1e, and @ingridnilsen.
Tune in at 2:15 p.m. ET to watch President Obama do an interview with three popular YouTube creators:
America now has the lowest uninsured rate on record thanks to #Obamacare. Repealing it doesn't make sense.
ICYMI: More than 11 million people have enrolled in health care plans through the marketplace so far.
DEADLINE: Check out your options today for coverage that begins on February 1.
Check out what @VP Biden told a group of @OFA supporters yesterday:
Solar energy jobs have doubled in just five years.
"That’s the country we love. Clear-eyed. Big-hearted. Undaunted by challenge." —President Obama
LIVE: President Obama is holding a town hall in Louisiana on the progress Americans have made and the path forward.
Tune in at 11:05 a.m. ET to watch President Obama participate in a town hall in Baton Rouge, Louisiana:
LIVE: President Obama is speaking in Omaha about moving our country forward.
LIVE: @VP Biden is speaking with @OFA supporters on the work ahead in 2016.
RSVP for @OFA's call with @VP Biden at 3:15 p.m. ET today. You don't want to miss it:
Missed President Obama's final #SOTU last night? Check out his full remarks.
Fired up from the #SOTU? RSVP to hear @VP talk about the work ahead with @OFA supporters:
Fired up and ready to go? Join the movement:
"I believe in change because I believe in you." —President Obama
"I can promise that a year from now, when I no longer hold this office, I’ll be right there with you as a citizen." —President Obama
"Our collective future depends on your willingness to uphold your obligations as a citizen." —President Obama
"Democracy breaks down when the average person feels their voice doesn’t matter." —President Obama
"Our public life withers when only the most extreme voices get all the attention." —President Obama
"Democracy grinds to a halt without a willingness to compromise." —President Obama
"Democracy does require basic bonds of trust between its citizens." —President Obama
"The future we want ... is within our reach. But it will only happen if we work together." —President Obama
"We need to reject any politics that targets people because of race or religion." —President Obama
President Obama: The Trans-Pacific Partnership will protect workers and the environment.
"Our troops are the finest fighting force in the history of the world." —President Obama
"The United States of America is the most powerful nation on Earth. Period." —President Obama
"We’ve got to accelerate the transition away from old, dirtier energy sources." —President Obama
"Gas under two bucks a gallon ain’t bad, either." —President Obama
"On rooftops from Arizona to New York, solar is saving Americans tens of millions of dollars a year." —President Obama
"Seven years ago, we made the single biggest investment in clean energy in our history." —President Obama
"Why would we want to pass up the chance for American businesses to produce and sell the energy of the future?" —President Obama
"If anybody still wants to dispute the science around climate change, have at it. You’ll be pretty lonely." —President Obama
Global action on climate change is happening—show your support today:
We have the responsibility to lead on climate change.
"America is every immigrant and entrepreneur, from Boston to Austin to Silicon Valley." —President Obama
"That spirit of discovery is in our DNA. America is Thomas Edison and the Wright Brothers and George Washington Carver." —President Obama
"Workers and start-ups and small businesses need more of a voice, not less." —President Obama
"Food Stamp recipients didn’t cause the financial crisis; recklessness on Wall Street did." —President Obama
"I believe a thriving private sector is the lifeblood of our economy." —President Obama
"America is about giving everybody willing to work a chance." —President Obama
"Parties should work together to improve job security." —President Obama
And counting.
"Social Security and Medicare are more important than ever. We shouldn’t weaken them, we should strengthen them." —President Obama
Share the facts.
"We have to make college affordable for every American." —President Obama
"We should recruit and support more great teachers for our kids." —President Obama
"Real opportunity requires every American to get the education and training they need to land a good-paying job." —President Obama
Students should be able to get an education without taking on decades' worth of student loan debt.
"Everybody that works hard deserves a fair shot." —President Obama
"For the past seven years, our goal has been a growing economy that also works better for everybody." —President Obama
"Our auto industry just had its best year ever." —President Obama
"More than 14 million new jobs; the strongest two years of job growth since the ‘90s; an unemployment rate cut in half." —President Obama
Middle-class economics works.
"A basic: the United States of America, right now, has the strongest, most durable economy in the world." —President Obama
Change only happens when you organize.
"We made change work for us, always extending America’s promise outward, to the next frontier, to more people." —President Obama
"I want to focus on our future." —President Obama
President Obama: I’ll keep pushing for progress on immigration, gun violence, equal pay, paid leave, raising the minimum wage.
"Who knows, we might surprise the cynics again." —President Obama
"I hope we can work together this year on some bipartisan priorities like criminal justice reform." —President Obama
LIVE: President Obama is delivering his final State of the Union address now.
Tune in for President Obama's final State of the Union at 9 p.m. ET tonight.
The stage is set—tune in tonight.
"It’s the last time we’ll do this, but we’re not even close to done working." —@VP Joe Biden on the
The last seven years have been packed with progress. See how far we've come:
One last time.
Tonight—it's going to be a good time. Don't miss the State of the Union.
Get ready for President Obama's final #SOTU, and add your voice to the conversation:
President Obama's last State of the Union address—it's only a day away.
January 12—don't miss it.
Another milestone to celebrate for wind power—and plenty of room to grow.
Tuesday:
"Today, the American auto industry is back." —President Obama
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses the incredible progress made in the American auto industry:
Get ready—this one is going to be good.
Read President Obama's @NYTimes op-ed on how we all play a part in efforts to help #StopGunViolence in America:
ICYMI: Listen to what President Obama said to @OFA supporters on a call about steps forward to #StopGunViolence.
This doesn't have to be the new normal—join the fight to help #StopGunViolence:
Happening now: President Obama is speaking to @OFA supporters on how everyone can help #StopGunViolence.
The December jobs report shows big gains in employment and higher wages for American workers. Read more:
The economy added 292,000 jobs in December—a record-breaking 70 consecutive months of private-sector job growth.
If you agree with common-sense steps to help curb gun violence, add your name:
Don't miss President Obama's town hall event on how to #StopGunViolence in America—tune in at 8 p.m. ET on @CNN.
Almost time for President Obama's last #SOTU—join the conversation:
Watch what President Obama has to say about his final #SOTU.
Don't miss this:
Twelve more months of progress to go—say you'll tune in:
Read how President Obama's common-sense actions could help #StopGunViolence in America:
Congress can—and should—take action to help #StopGunViolence. Add your name if you agree:
"The constant excuses for inaction no longer do." —President Obama
President Obama's common-sense actions will help #StopGunViolence. Now Congress needs to step up.
Add your name if you think it's time for Congress to stand up to the gun lobby and help #StopGunViolence.
LIVE: President Obama is talking about how to make our communities safer by reducing gun violence in America.
Tune in at 11:40 a.m. ET to watch President Obama announce steps to help #StopGunViolence:
This is it—President Obama's final #SOTU. Say you'll be watching:
Start the new year off the right way and #GetCovered now:
"We know that we can’t stop every act of violence. But what if we tried to stop even one?" —President Obama
Hello, 2016.
Ring in the new year with the one you love.
FINAL CALL: Help make 2016 a year full of progress. Chip in today.
You don't want to miss this. Say you'll tune in for President Obama's final #SOTU:
LAST CALL: You could be going on a seven-day cruise to Alaska—but only if you enter today.
Thinking of ways you can help out over the next year? Look no further:
DEADLINE: Chip in to help fund the fight for more progress in 2016.
You and a friend could be heading north. Enter now to win a cruise to Alaska:
TONIGHT: Come in with the clutch contribution before the deadline.
Global climate action became a reality this year—keep the progress going in 2016:
Chip in to help gear up for the big fights in 2016:
Here's your chance to get lost in the beauty of the Last Frontier state:
Get ready—the deadline to pitch in before the new year is right around the corner.
In 31 states, people can still be fired because of who they love. Help change that in 2016:
Seven down, one more to go. Make sure you tune in for President Obama's last #SOTU:
Have you entered yet? You and a friend could win a trip to Alaska:
Check out five big victories that made 2015 a great year for progress:
Suit up—it's President Obama's final State of the Union. Say you'll tune in:
You can still join the team fighting for progress. Get your contribution in under the wire:
Seeking adventure? Find it in Alaska. Enter @OFA's contest today:
Don't miss your chance for the adventure of a lifetime. Enter now—and you and a friend could be headed to Alaska:
This year was full of progress. But there's more work to do in 2016—and you can help:
"Merry Christmas, everybody!" —President Obama
Merry Christmas, and happy holidays to you and yours—big or small.
Beautiful mountain tops. Huge glaciers. And polar bears—see them all in Alaska.
Here's one way to help make 2016 a year of action:
Time to check this one off your bucket list:
2015 has been a great year for progress—but there's still more work to do.
Get your donation in before the door closes:
Here's your chance to take in this view for yourself:
Find out how @OFA organizers are gearing up to #ActOnClimate in their communities—and how you can support this work:
This grassroots movement is going full speed ahead into 2016. Help keep up the momentum:
Get your binoculars ready. Enter for your chance at an #OFAdventure:
2015 will likely be the hottest year ever recorded.
Become an @OFA Champion, and cheer on the movement fighting for lasting change:
Enter now, and you and a friend could win a seven-day cruise to Alaska:
"The number one reason I’m optimistic going into 2016: It's you—the American people." —President Obama
In the weekly address, President Obama gives a roundup of the top ten things that happened in 2015. Watch:
Stand on the deck. Take in the beauty. Repeat. Enter to win a seven-day cruise to Alaska:
LIVE: President Obama is speaking in the Brady Press Briefing Room.
Tune in at 1:50 p.m. ET to watch as President Obama holds a news conference.
Lend a hand—chip in to show your support for this grassroots movement.
Bucket list: Go on a cruise ✔ Travel to Alaska ✔ Whale watching in the Arctic ✔ Enter:
This grassroots movement is aiming high for 2016. You can help by pitching in:
What are you waiting for? Here's your chance for an Alaskan adventure:
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the National Counterterrorism Center.
Tune in at 12:15 a.m. ET to watch President Obama deliver a statement.
Good news: You have two extra days to #GetCovered for the new year.
This is your chance for an adventure. Don't miss it:
The #ParisAgreement gives us the chance to secure a healthier, more prosperous future for the next generation.
After years of effort by the U.S., nearly every country in the world came together to stand #UnitedOnClimate.
Want to take in this view? Enter now for your chance:
DEADLINE: If you want coverage to start off 2016, make sure to check out your options today.
Thanks to American leadership, countries around the world are standing #UnitedOnClimate.
"I believe this moment can be a turning point for the world." —President Obama on the
A trip to Alaska could be great motivation to join the fight to #ActOnClimate. Enter now:
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at a naturalization ceremony at the National Archives.
"America, this will change—but only when we stand up, together, and demand it." —President Obama
LIVE: President Obama is delivering a statement at the Pentagon.
Tune in at 12:25 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak at the Pentagon:
Say you stand with countries around the world who are #UnitedOnClimate—add your name:
This is huge: Almost every country in the world just signed on to the #ParisAgreement on climate change—thanks to American leadership.
Congress still hasn't passed a budget, and time's running out. Read why @OFA supporters are saying #EnoughAlready:
8 out of 10 uninsured Americans may qualify for financial help. See if you're one of them:
Start the new year off right:
Climate action at the local level is key in pushing the conversation forward. Read the latest from Wisconsin:
Enroll by December 15th and you'll ring in the new year with the security of health insurance:
WATCH: President Obama tells a room full of organizers to continue the fight on climate change.
Nations from around the world are coming together to #ActOnClimate. Join millions calling for real progress:
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about education and signing the Every Student Succeeds Act.
With American leadership, more than 180 nations have committed to tackling climate change.
The world is #UnitedOnClimate. It's time to act.
LIVE: President Obama is delivering remarks at an event marking the 150th anniversary of the 13th Amendment.
Tune in at 11:50 a.m. ET to watch President Obama commemorate the 150th anniversary of the 13th Amendment:
Show your support for common-sense gun safety laws like closing the No-Fly List loophole:
Closing the No-Fly List loophole is a no-brainer.
Hundreds of nations are coming together to stand #UnitedOnClimate—and you can join the conversation:
The world is #UnitedOnClimate—it's time for climate change deniers in Congress to get on board.
The world is standing #UnitedOnClimate. It's time to act.
Congress needs to close the No-Fly List loophole—add your name if you agree:
Congress can #DoSomething about this.
LIVE: President Obama is addressing the nation on the threat of terrorism and keeping the American people safe.
Tune in at 8 p.m. ET to watch President Obama address the nation on keeping the American people safe:
"Here in America it’s way too easy for dangerous people to get their hands on a gun." —President Obama
WATCH: President Obama offers his condolences to the San Bernardino community and calls for common-sense gun laws.
Obamacare is helping millions. Repealing it would be devastating to families across the country.
Provisions in #Obamacare have helped save billions of dollars and more than 80,000 lives. Read more:
Employers have added an average of 213,000 jobs a month over the past six months. We have to keep up this progress.
The economy added 211,000 jobs in November—a record-breaking 69 consecutive months of private-sector job growth.
Countries all over the world are standing #UnitedOnClimate—join the conversation to be part of this historic moment:
This is a huge step forward.
Sixty years later, we remember the heroism of Rosa Parks and recommit to the fight for justice and equality.
Climate change deniers are trying to undermine America's commitment to #ActOnClimate. Read more:
Be a part of this historic moment in the fight against climate change—join the #UnitedOnClimate conversation:
Stand up for global action on climate change—add your name:
The global talks on climate change have begun. Join the conversation:
Watch President Obama discuss how to build a framework for progress on the global effort to tackle climate change.
Read why the international climate talks in Paris are so important:
Enrolling is easy. Check out your options and #GetCovered today:
Show your support for American leadership in the international effort to #ActOnClimate:
The Clean Power Plan is one of the biggest step America's ever taken to tackle climate change.
Post Thanksgiving to-do list: Sleep: ✓ Dishes. So many dishes: ✓ #GetCovered:
Be thankful today—and don't forget to give back.
"No matter our circumstances, all of us have something to be grateful for." —President Obama
LIVE: President Obama is celebrating the 68th anniversary of the National Thanksgiving Turkey presentation.
Read from @GinaEPA on how the United States is leading the international effort to #ActOnClimate:
Read how @OFA volunteers in Tennessee are making sure that everyone has access to quality, affordable health care:
Before you start cooking this week, make sure you're covered:
No more excuses. It's time to #ActOnClimate:
Say you're ready for strong global efforts to #ActOnClimate—don't let climate change deniers prevent progress:
Get a close look inside the first-ever @OFA Organizing Director Summit:
One year ago the President took common-sense #ImmigrationAction—but a long-term fix still hasn't come from Congress.
Happy birthday @VP. Here's to a great year.
Getting help is easy. Check out your options and #GetCovered today:
Record-breaking temperatures in October keeps 2015 on track to be the hottest year ever:
Don't let climate change deniers stand in the way of global progress on climate action:
It's crucial to #ActOnClimate—and this is just one way the Clean Power Plan is a step forward.
"Progress isn’t guaranteed. It’s not inevitable. It’s something that has to be fought for." —President Obama
The international community is committed to #ActOnClimate—show your support for global action:
Progress on tackling climate change is happening—and we can't go back.
The health care marketplace is open—for a limited time. Now's your chance to #GetCovered.
Say you're ready for big progress in the global effort to #ActOnClimate—add your name:
Hundreds of hardworking @OFA organizers came together at the #OFAFallSummit to drive their work forward—take a look:
Don't let climate change deniers derail progress in the global effort to #ActOnClimate:
In two weeks, nations across the globe are gathering to #ActOnClimate—this is a big deal.
The U.S. has already tripled wind and solar energy since 2008. The Clean Power Plan will continue that progress.
The Clean Power Plan is a vital step to #ActOnClimate and improve public health.
Get the facts on important issues like climate change—join the OFA Truth Team:
You might be able to get an even better health care plan. Shop around today:
The security of affordable health care might make you dance:
Man-made climate change is having a big effect on global temperatures. Read more:
The fight for common-sense #ImmigrationAction isn't over. Read more:
Read from veteran and former Federal Chief Sustainability Officer Jon Powers on why it's time to #ActOnClimate:
Be covered this winter—check out your options now:
"On this day and every day, we thank you." —President Obama
LIVE: President Obama is honoring veterans at Arlington National Cemetery.
ICYMI: The unemployment rate is now at a seven-year low.
Make sure to check this off your list:
President Obama explains why the #TPP is good for American workers and the middle class:
"I'm going to keep on going as long as you'll have me." —President Obama to @OFA volunteers
"I need you to stay involved. I need you to stay active." —President Obama
"I may only hold this office for the next 14 months, but I'm not going anywhere." —President Obama
"When the cynics tell us we can't change this country for the better, we know they're wrong. We've got proof." —President Obama
"We've still got our work cut out for us to fix the broken immigration system." —President Obama
"Your organizing skills are more important than ever."—President Obama
"You know we've got more work to do. You wouldn't be here if you didn't think we have more work to do."—President Obama
"Even as our economy is growing, America's cut our carbon pollution more than any other advanced nation on Earth." —President Obama
"We've covered 17.6 million Americans so far, and in the process the deficit's been cut by two-thirds." —President Obama
"We've seen the longest streak of private-sector job creation on record—that happened because of you." —President Obama
"You figure out what's important in your communities and you organize around it."—President Obama at the
"You be the change you want to come about."—President Obama
"Together, we created a movement for change that couldn't be denied."—President Obama
"It's always good to be with OFA. It's a little bit like coming home."—President Obama
LIVE: President Obama is speaking to @OFA volunteers at the #OFAFallSummit.
"It was never about yes he can—it was about yes we can." —@Simas44
"For the first time, more than 90% of Americans are covered." —President Obama
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses why it's so important to #GetCovered:
Retweet if you support American leadership on climate change.
The President just rejected #KeystoneXL. Add your name to support strong action on climate change:
"If we want to prevent the worst effects of climate change before it's too late, the time to act is now." —President Obama
"Shipping crude oil into our country would not increase America's energy security." —President Obama
"Today, in 41 states, drivers can find at least one gas station selling gas for less than $2 a gallon." —President Obama
"In fact, gas prices have already been falling, steadily." —President Obama on rejecting the
"The pipeline would not lower gas prices for American consumers." —President Obama on rejecting the
"If Congress is serious about wanting to create jobs, this was not the way to do it." —President Obama on rejecting the
"The pipeline would not make a meaningful, long-term contribution to our economy." —President Obama on rejecting the
BREAKING: President Obama just took another huge step to #ActOnClimate by rejecting the #KeystoneXL pipeline.
LIVE: President Obama is delivering a statement.
The economy added 271,000 jobs in October—a record-breaking 68 consecutive months of private-sector job growth.
The #TPP eliminates 18,000 taxes that other countries put on American goods.
More American-made exports means more higher-paying jobs at home:
"When we have a level playing field, Americans out-compete anyone in the world." —President Obama
Negotiations on the #TPP are complete, and the full text is now available online. Find out more:
More than two dozen states and cities are fighting to #ActOnClimate by defending the Clean Power Plan:
Finding a plan that fits your needs is easy. Check out your options and #GetCovered:
A vocal minority could still derail the bipartisan budget deal—don't let that happen. Show your support:
Get an update on issues that matter, from gun violence prevention to health care enrollment:
The marketplace is open again—shop around and find a plan that works for you:
Working hard in America shouldn't mean choosing between a paycheck and a sick kid at home.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about the re-entry process of formerly incarcerated individuals.
Tune in at 4:20 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak on rehabilitation and reintegration:
Here's what happened when 35 passionate student organizers came together to learn how to improve their impact:
Under #Obamacare, the uninsured rate in the United States is at the lowest level on record.
Nearly 8 in 10 uninsured Americans may be eligible for financial help. Check out your options:
Open enrollment is back:
Post Halloween checklist: Coffee: ✓ Brunch: ✓ Health insurance:
The health care marketplace is open again. Check out your options now:
Don't miss your chance to #GetCovered:
Trick-or-treat?
Make sure you #GetCovered tomorrow—before you eat too much Halloween candy.
"Every year, we spend $80 billion in taxpayer dollars to keep people incarcerated." —President Obama
In the weekly address, President Obama calls for meaningful criminal justice reform:
Don't miss it.
Watch as President Obama and @FLOTUS welcome children to trick-or-treat at the White House:
Passionate student organizers came together at @OFA's Campus Organizing Summit. Find out more:
DYK: Under #Obamacare, millions of young adults are able to remain on their parents' plans until they turn 26.
"I applaud the Democrats and Republicans who came together this morning to pass a responsible, long-term budget agreement." —President Obama
Spread the word: There are nearly 10.5 million uninsured Americans who may be eligible to #GetCovered in 2016.
Read @ShaunOMB's op-ed on how science and data are helping the U.S. focus on the long-term costs of climate change:
Big polluters and climate change deniers are standing in the way of progress—fight back:
17.6 million Americans have gained coverage under #Obamacare—that’s a BFD.
Don't let climate change deniers have the final say on the Clean Power Plan—show your support:
Open enrollment is right around the corner.
If you want cleaner air and improved public health, add your name:
America's mayors are calling for Congress to #DoSomething about gun violence.
Retweet to spread the word.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the International Association of Chiefs of Police Conference and Exposition.
At 3 p.m. ET, watch President Obama address the International Association of Chiefs of Police in Chicago:
LIVE: President Obama is welcoming the @ussoccer_wnt to celebrate their World Cup victory.
New federal limits on methane pollution will help make our air cleaner. Show your support:
"We've led by example, generating more clean energy and lowering our carbon emissions." —President Obama
This is why the Clean Power Plan matters.
LIVE: President Obama is hosting a panel at the White House on criminal justice reform.
Organizers in New Mexico are working to make sure people in their communities have affordable care. Read how:
LIVE: President Obama is in West Virginia hosting a community discussion on drug abuse.
Tune in at 2:20 p.m. ET to watch President Obama host a community forum on drug abuse.
A new poll shows that a majority of Americans want common-sense laws on gun sales:
Action on climate change can't wait—which is why the Clean Power Plan is so important.
Eighty-one companies support a global agreement to #ActOnClimate:
ICYMI: Yesterday marked the official adoption of the #IranDeal:
Diali came to @OFA to develop her digital content production skills and continue a career in organizing. Read more:
"The United States is home to 5% of the world’s population, but 25% of the world’s prisoners." —President Obama
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses the steps needed to fix our criminal justice system.
Retweet if you agree it's time to #ActOnClimate.
Coal mining companies are supporting an international deal to #ActOnClimate: It's time for deniers to get on board.
Under the Obama administration, the deficit is down nearly 75 percent—the lowest it's been since 2007.
Add your name to the thousands of people asking Congress to stand up and #DoSomething about gun violence:
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at a celebration of Hispanic Heritage Month.
Tune in at 4:45 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak at an event celebrating Hispanic Heritage Month.
See where your representatives stand on the basic science of climate change:
Climate change denial is at a record low—just not in Congress. Read more:
Make your sweet tooth happy—it's #NationalDessertDay.
Hundreds of organizers recently gathered in New Mexico to celebrate progress on health care reform. Read more:
Another reason why it's so important to #ActOnClimate:
Read why @GovEdRendell thinks #TPP will be good for manufacturing and boost products #MadeInAmerica:
Former Washington Governor Christine Gregoire on why the #TPP will help protect the environment:
Expanding Medicaid isn't just practical—it's the right thing to do.
Repealing #Obamacare is still a bad idea.
Keep the conversation on gun violence going until Congress will #DoSomething about it:
"Outdated trade rules put our workers at a disadvantage—and TPP will change that." —President Obama
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses how the #TPP will put American workers first.
Wind and solar energy are getting cheaper and cheaper—the #SwitchToClean energy is happening.
Add your name to the list of people asking Congress to #DoSomething about gun violence:
Check out how these @OFA volunteers are making a difference on gun violence in their community:
Retweet if you agree: It's time for Congress to put politics aside and #DoSomething about gun violence.
Our thoughts and prayers are not enough. It's time for Congress to #DoSomething to prevent gun violence tragedies:
"This will not change until the politics change." —President Obama on gun violence
Take a look at some of the most important recent stories on gun violence prevention:
Add your name if you agree it's time for Congress to #DoSomething about gun violence in America.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the @WhiteHouse Summit on Worker Voice.
An @OFA volunteer reflects on the trainings she received—that helped her land her dream job.
Stand up for American workers—add your name if you agree it's time to #LeadOnTrade.
The #TPP establishes the highest labor standards of any trade agreement in history.
The more U.S. goods sold abroad, the more higher-paying jobs are supported at home—another reason to #LeadOnTrade:
"I refuse to leave our children a planet that's beyond their capacity to repair." —President Obama
Add your name to support the most progressive trade deal in this nation's history:
Great news: President Obama just secured a trade deal that puts American workers first.
Twenty-three years and still going strong. Here's to many more.
"Congress should do its job, stop kicking the can down the road, and pass a serious budget." —President Obama
In the weekly address, President Obama urges Congress to pass a real budget.
Private-sector jobs have grown for a record-breaking 67 straight months—but there's more to do.
More than 10,000 people die from gun violence in the U.S. each year—that can change.
Our thoughts and prayers are not enough—it's time to take action.
Organizers across the country are working to prevent gun violence—state by state. Read more:
LAST CALL: Enter for a chance to meet President Obama.
DEADLINE: Tonight. Time to make your move—chip in now.
This is your chance to meet President Obama. (No joke.)
You and a guest could fly to D.C. and meet the President. Enter now for your chance:
Give this grassroots movement a lift—become a recurring donor today:
Enter before midnight and you—and your BFF—could meet the President this fall.
Better hurry—the deadline to show your support for this grassroots movement is tonight.
Want to hear that laugh in person? Throw your name in before tonight's deadline:
Enter now and you could meet President Obama in D.C. this fall:
Coffee: √ Fall sweater: √ Meeting the President: ? Enter before #NationalCoffeeDay ends:
Chip in to fight for real, lasting change:
Give it your best shot—enter today for your chance to meet the President:
In an interview with @RollingStone, President Obama lays out why we need to #ActOnClimate before it's too late.
This movement started with grassroots supporters just like you. Help keep it going—chip in $5 or more today:
Watch a #VICEonHBO clip about President Obama's historic visit to a federal prison:
Don't miss the chance to meet President Obama this fall—all you have to do is enter:
Want to be the one walking through that door? Enter the contest now:
Beat the buzzer—the big fundraising deadline is almost here.
Time's running out—don't miss your chance to meet President Obama.
Do you hear that? It's the sound of a big fundraising deadline. Chip in now:
Fall is here—and so is your chance to meet President Obama. Enter now:
Walk the walk—support the team that's fighting for today's important issues.
Climate change is an issue that cannot be left for future generations—and @pontifex agrees:
You could win a chance to meet President Obama. (Let that sink in.) Enter now:
Don't cruise past this fundraising deadline. Chip in now:
With less than a week left to avert a shutdown, Congress is wasting time trying to take away women's access to health care.
Change starts with people working together. Read how volunteers in Tucson are organizing to make change a reality:
Give your #SquadGoals an upgrade—enter now to meet President Obama:
17.6 million Americans covered—that's a number to celebrate:
Watch @Pontifex say why it's so important for everyone to come together to #ActOnClimate.
Dress to impress—you could win the chance to meet President Obama. Enter now:
"Michelle and I extend our wishes for an easy fast to all those observing Yom Kippur." —President Obama
LIVE: Watch as @Pontifex is welcomed to the White House.
Get your camera ready—this is your chance to meet President Obama. Enter now:
LIVE: President Obama and others are greeting @Pontifex at Joint Base Andrews.
America doesn't need another shutdown—members of Congress need to do their job and pass a budget. Read more:
Hope you're ready—fall is here.
Read how @OFA volunteers in Tucson are working hard to bring change to their community.
Climate change is real—and it's time to act. (h/t @washingtonpost)
"There’s nothing principled about the idea of another government shutdown." —President Obama
In the weekly address, President Obama calls on Congress to stop playing games with our economy and pass a budget.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the White House screening of @Vice's documentary on criminal justice reform.
When women are empowered, extraordinary things happen. Read more:
Retweet if you agree.
It's time to #LeadOnLeave—because what's good for workers and families is good for the economy:
The uninsured rate continues to fall—and that's no accident. Read about how #Obamacare is making a difference:
"If you're eligible, commit to becoming a citizen today." —President Obama
Investments in clean energy are boosting the economy—while fighting climate change.
States and cities from the U.S. and China are pledging to #ActOnClimate—years earlier than national targets.
Since President Obama took office, the economy has seen the longest streak of private-sector job growth on record.
Obamacare is working—and it's lowering the uninsured rate:
Since President Obama took office, the deficit has been reduced by more than two-thirds.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking with a group of business leaders at the @BizRoundtable.
Listen to President Obama's advice on going to college for high school seniors—including his oldest daughter.
Be part of the team fighting back against misinformation with facts:
LIVE: President Obama is hosting a town hall on college access and affordability with high school students.
Tune in at 4:40 p.m. ET to watch President Obama discuss college affordability with high school students in Iowa:
"From my family to yours, Shanah Tovah." —President Obama on
"Everyone should be able to find clear, reliable, open data on college affordability and value." —President Obama
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses another step in expanding #CollegeOpportunity.
"The events of September 11, 2001, left a permanent mark on the spirit of every American." —President Obama
"This vote is a victory for diplomacy ... and for the safety and security of the world." —President Obama on the #IranDeal vote
Retweet if you agree that education should be available to all those willing to work for it.
"I want two years of college to be as free and universal as high school is today." —President Obama
Progress happens when people fight for it. Join the movement—say you're in:
"I believe that working Americans should have the basic security of paid leave." —President Obama
LIVE: President Obama and @DrBiden discuss the administration's plan to expand #CollegeOpportunity.
Tune in at 3:40 p.m. ET to watch President Obama and @DrBiden speak in Michigan on expanding #CollegeOpportunity.
Solar energy is heading toward a record-setting year for growth. Find out more:
Get the facts on one of today's most consequential foreign policy debates:
The Obama administration is pushing for paid leave and a higher minimum wage at the state and local level.
Check out Secretary of State @JohnKerry's op-ed debunking some of the myths surrounding the #IranDeal.
The #IranDeal has overwhelming support among leading scientists and non-proliferation experts.
Today, America celebrates the grit and resilience of working families. Happy #LaborDay.
Today President Obama is expanding access to paid sick leave for about 300,000 federal workers.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the Greater Boston Labor Council #LaborDay Breakfast.
"Plain and simple, a shutdown would hurt working Americans." —President Obama
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses the need for Congress to pass a budget and avoid a shutdown.
It's a beautiful world. Let's fight to protect it.
Go behind the lens with @PeteSouza's photo gallery from President Obama's recent trip to Alaska.
DEADLINE: Today is your last chance to show your support for updated overtime rules.
Higher wages, 173,000 jobs added, and a dropping unemployment rate are all good news—but there's more work to do.
The economy added 173,000 jobs in August—a record-breaking 66 consecutive months of private-sector job growth.
Under the #IranDeal, Iran can't build a secret nuclear weapon. Learn more:
Tomorrow is the last day—add your name if you agree it's time to #FixOvertime for millions of middle-class families:
Read why it's crucial to #FixOvertime protections for millions of working families.
Read how the Obama administration is fighting to restore workers' rights for millions of hard-working Americans.
President Obama is highlighting the effects of climate climate during his trip to Alaska. Check it out:
"Few things can have as negative an impact on our economy as climate change." —President Obama
“Climate change is no longer some far-off problem; it is happening here, it is happening now." —President Obama
Get a behind-the-scenes look at President Obama's trip to Alaska—the front lines in the fight against climate change.
Make your voice heard on updating overtime rules before Friday's deadline:
It's official: Mount McKinley is now Denali.
Read what former U.S. Secretary of State @Madeleine Albright has to say about the #IranDeal.
Find out how @OFA is giving organizers around the country the training and management skills they need to succeed.
"As long as I’m President, America will lead the world to meet the threat of climate change." —President Obama
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses his upcoming trip to Alaska and pledges to #ActOnClimate.
Read @AmbassadorPower's thoughts on why it's vital for Congress to stand by the #IranDeal.
These professional fellows learned skills that will help them keep fighting for the issues that matter.
Add your name—because in 2015, equal pay for equal work shouldn't be controversial.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about the rebuilding of New Orleans ten years after Hurricane Katrina.
Tune in at 4:55 p.m. ET to watch President Obama discuss #Katrina10 and the rebirth of New Orleans.
Add your name if you believe that when women succeed, America succeeds:
Meet Alexa—an @OFA supporter who knows there's no better time to fight for progress than now.
One organizer is sharing her story about continuing the fight for women’s rights:
This #WomensEqualityDay, say you'll continue the fight for progress.
The fight for equality is not over.
"No challenge poses a greater threat to our future than climate change." —President Obama
Thanks @NatlParkService for keeping our lands and waters beautiful for 99 years—and counting.
These fellows are fighting for progress by building new digital organizing skills. Read more:
Want to join the conversation on the #IranDeal? Add your name to get more information.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the National Clean Energy Summit.
Tune in at 8 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak at the National Clean Energy Summit in Las Vegas:
President Obama is announcing a plan to make it easier and cheaper for homeowners to #SwitchToClean energy:
Investing in renewable energy helps fight climate change—and creates jobs.
Find out how one young organizer is turning her outrage on the gender wage gap into action.
Read why it's so important to stay informed and join the conversation on the #IranDeal.
"Congress left town for five full weeks—and they left behind a stack of unfinished business." —President Obama
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses the need for Congress to pass a responsible budget.
Add your name to get important information about the #IranDeal—and make sure you have all the facts:
Leading scientists and non-proliferation experts are making their voices heard on the #IranDeal.
Today, two women are making history—becoming the first to graduate from the @USArmy's Ranger School:
July was the hottest month ever recorded:
This is a big deal in the fight to curb climate change.
Getting the full story on something as big as the #IranDeal is important. Add your name to stay informed:
Follow the new "Letters to President Obama" Tumblr—starting with a letter thanking the President for #Obamacare:
Don’t let climate change deniers set us back. Add your name to support the Clean Power Plan:
Give 42 a round of applause today. Happy birthday, @BillClinton.
Change starts with one voice speaking out. Read one organizer’s story about the fight for women’s rights:
New limits on methane pollution will help curb climate change and protect public health:
Be part of the @OFATruthTeam—and fight back with facts:
Climate change deniers want to stop the Clean Power Plan. Don’t let them—add your name today:
Add your name if you're ready for cleaner, safer air:
Read about President Obama's latest move to reduce methane gas pollution from landfills:
WATCH: Find out why President Obama is heading to Alaska at the end of the month.
Take a stand with state leaders committed to #ActOnClimate. Show your support for the Clean Power Plan:
Jon traveled 3,000 miles to change the conversation about climate change. Read more:
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses efforts to improve community policing. Watch now:
A majority of Americans favor a pathway to citizenship for illegal immigrants living in America:
Studies show that #Obamacare is not “killing” full-time jobs like critics claim:
These three Marines lowered the American flag in #Cuba in 1961. Today, they raised it again:
Today is the 80th birthday of #SocialSecurity—a lifeline to millions of Americans.
Read about Jon's 3,000 mile journey to fight climate change:
Retweet if you believe it's time for action on climate change.
Read President Obama's powerful letter to the editor on restoring the Voting Rights Act:
President Obama is heading to Alaska—the front lines in the fight against climate change.
Expanding overtime protections will be good for women and good for families.
The uninsured rate is now down to single digits for the first time—thanks to #Obamacare:
Expanding overtime protections will benefit millions of families. Add your voice to show support:
Read these stories from working moms and see why we need to #FixOvertime:
"What makes America special is our capacity to change." —President Obama
Read about how expanding overtime protections would help millions of Americans—and women in particular:
A new report shows that wind energy is booming—and now provides 73,000 jobs in the U.S. Read more:
Check it out: President Obama answers tough questions on the #IranDeal in an interview with @micnews.
Renewable energy is good for the economy.
The President took readers' questions on the #IranDeal in an interview with @micnews. Check it out:
DYK: States that embraced #Obamacare and expanded Medicaid are seeing huge drops in uninsured rates.
Show your support for this historic step in the fight to #ActOnClimate:
"The right to vote is one of the most fundamental rights of any democracy." —President Obama
In the weekly address, the President commemorates the 50th Anniversary of the Voting Rights Act:
ICYMI: Read President Obama's thoughts on the 50th anniversary of the Voting Rights Act.
Cleaner air is safer air.
The economy is still improving—but there's more work to do. Read more about the latest jobs report:
The economy added 215,000 jobs in July—marking a record-breaking 65 consecutive months of private-sector job growth.
"You've been a great gift to the country." —President Obama to Jon Stewart on @TheDailyShow
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about the 50th anniversary of the Voting Rights Act.
Find out how you can support the Clean Power Plan. Read President Obama's message:
Stand with state leaders who are fighting to #ActOnClimate with the Clean Power Plan:
From @Deese44: Read why the Clean Power Plan is vital to the fight against climate change:
"It is surely the pursuit of peace that is most needed in this world so full of strife." —President Obama
"As members of Congress reflect on their pending decision, I urge them to set aside political considerations.” —President Obama
"As Americans, we should be proud of this achievement." —President Obama
"Now we have before us a solution that prevents Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon without resorting to war." —President Obama
"President Kennedy warned Americans not to see conflict as inevitable. It is time to apply such wisdom.” —President Obama
"I have repeatedly challenged anyone opposed to this deal to put forward a better, plausible alternative." —President Obama
"When we carefully examine the arguments against this deal, none of them stand up to scrutiny.” —President Obama
"If Iran violates this deal, we will have ample opportunity to respond." —President Obama
"Worry less about being labeled weak. Worry more about getting it right.” —President Obama
"How can we in good conscience justify war before we have tested a diplomatic agreement that achieves our objectives?" —President Obama
“The choice we face is ultimately between diplomacy or some sort of war.” —President Obama
“Walk away from this agreement and you will get a better deal—for Iran.” —President Obama
“Those who say we can walk away from this deal and maintain sanctions are selling a fantasy.” —President Obama
"We will continue to have sanctions in place on Iran's support for terrorism and violation of human rights."—President Obama
“There is no scenario where sanctions relief turns Iran into the region's dominate power.” —President Obama
“An argument against sanctions relief is effectively an argument against any diplomatic solution.” —President Obama
"Without this deal, the scenarios that critics warn about happening in 15 years could happen six months from now." —President Obama
"The bottom line is, if Iran cheats, we can catch them—and we will." —President Obama
“This deal is not just the best choice among alternatives—this is the strongest non-proliferation agreement ever.” —President Obama
“If Iran violates the agreement over the next decade all of the sanctions can snap back in to place.” —President Obama
"Iran has powerful incentives to keep its commitments." —President Obama
"This deal shuts off the type of covert program Iran has pursued in the past.” —President Obama
"In July, we reached a comprehensive plan of action that meets our objectives." —President Obama
"What was once proclaimed as a historic mistake is now held up as a success." —President Obama
“The progress of Iran's nuclear program was halted for the first time in a decade.” —President Obama
"It was diplomacy that ratcheted up the pressure on Iran." —President Obama
"Winning this global buy-in was not easy. I know. I was there." —President Obama
"What made our new approach more effective was our ability to draw upon new U.N. Security Council resolutions." —President Obama
“It was our very willingness to negotiate that helped America rally the world to our cause.” —President Obama
"I have also made clear my preference for a peaceful diplomatic resolution of the issue." —President Obama
"Even before taking office, I made clear that Iran would not be allowed to acquire a nuclear weapon on my watch." —President Obama
"The question then is not whether to prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon, but how." —President Obama
"Now more than ever, we need clear thinking in our foreign policy." —President Obama
“More than a decade later, we still live with the consequences of the decision to invade Iraq.” —President Obama
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at @AmericanU about the importance of the #IranDeal.
Tune in at 11:20 a.m. ET to watch President Obama discuss the historic #IranDeal at @AmericanU:
Help President Obama celebrate another great year—wish him a happy birthday:
The Clean Power Plan is the most important step we've ever taken to #ActOnClimate—show your support:
WATCH: We only get one planet—that's why it's so important to #ActOnClimate.
It's President Obama's birthday. Wish him a happy 54th:
If you're committed to #ActOnClimate, support the Clean Power Plan—add your name now:
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about fighting climate change with the Clean Power Plan.
Tune in at 2:15 p.m. ET to watch President Obama discuss the importance of the Clean Power Plan:
Celebrate President Obama's birthday by wishing him a happy 54th:
Guess who has a birthday coming up? (Hint: It's #44.)
"This week ... Medicare and Medicaid turned 50 years old. And that’s something worth celebrating." —President Obama
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses the impact of Medicare and Medicaid on the 50th anniversary:
To: President Obama Happy 54th! From: You Wish the Commander-in-Chief a happy birthday:
Tell the Organizer-in-Chief happy birthday—sign @OFA's card:
Across the country, @OFA volunteers are making a difference in the fight to #RaiseTheWage:
Sign @OFA's birthday card for President Obama:
Help President Obama cap off a great year. Wish him a happy birthday:
Solar energy is booming.
You don't have to be a policy expert to make a difference on issues like climate change:
ICYMI: Some of America's largest businesses are investing in clean energy to cut carbon pollution.
Study shows #Obamacare leads to fewer uninsured Americans, better health, and improved access to care:
Read how @OFA is training the next generation of digital organizers:
Join the team that's spreading the truth on the most important issues:
It's the final week of #NationalIceCreamMonth—better take advantage.
American businesses are pledging $140 billion to reduce carbon pollution and #ActOnClimate:
"We should reward drive, innovation, and fair play. That’s what Wall Street reform does." —President Obama
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses the progress we've made because of Wall Street reform:
See what your state's minimum wage is with this state-by-state tracker:
Some states are making real progress to #RaiseTheWage. Read more:
Have questions about the historic #IranDeal? Follow @TheIranDeal for information and updates.
Investing in energy efficiency and renewable energy will help cut consumer electricity bills. Read more:
States across the country are taking action to #RaiseTheWage for hard-working residents:
Great news: Jobless claims just fell to the lowest level in four decades.
Carbon pollution from power plants is being reduced, even as the economy grows. Read more:
The President's #ImmigrationAction will be good for the economy—but opponents are standing in the way:
Check out the President's final appearance on @TheDailyShow—and his newest "executive order":
Nearly 10,000 Americans turn 65 every day. Stand up for a society that's ready for a changing America:
Opponents of common-sense immigration reform are standing in the way of progress:
"We still have more to do to make sure that people with disabilities are paid fairly for their labor." —President Obama
"This is not just about American rights. It's about human rights." —President Obama
"A few years ago I issued an executive order requiring the federal government to hire more Americans with disabilities." —President Obama
"Days like today are a celebration of our history. But they're also a chance to rededicate ourselves to the future." —President Obama
LIVE: The President is speaking about the 25th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act.
Tune in at 5:00 p.m. ET to watch the President speak on the 25th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act:
"We are not just Americans, but citizens of Earth." —@StationCDRKelly
Stand with the President's plan to make sure more people have access to a secure and dignified retirement:
"This deal will make America and the world safer and more secure." —President Obama on the
In the weekly address, President Obama explains the comprehensive #IranDeal:
Read how @OFA volunteers are pushing to #RaiseTheWage in their communities:
Yesterday, President Obama became the first sitting president to visit a federal prison. Read some of the highlights:
"From my family to yours, Eid Mubarak!" —President Obama
Read why these three congressmen believe #Obamacare is working:
Read how President Obama is laying the groundwork for criminal justice reform:
LIVE: The President is speaking about expanding high-speed broadband to low-income households.
Tune in at 6:45 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak about ensuring internet access for all Americans:
Taking #ImmigrationAction is the right thing to do.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about the #IranDeal.
Read the emotional exchange between the President and a former addict:
"If we keep taking steps toward a more perfect union ... America will move forward. There's nothing we can't do." —President Obama
"We cannot ignore the problems that we have, but we can't stop running the race." —President Obama
"We are not perfect, but we have the capacity to be more perfect—mile after mile, step after step." —President Obama
"Justice and redemption go hand in hand." —President Obama
"Justice is living up to the common creed that I am my brother's keeper and I am my sister's keeper." —President Obama
"Justice is making sure that every young person knows that they are special and their lives matter." —President Obama
"Justice is not only the absence of oppression—it is the presence of opportunity." —President Obama
"Let's reward prisoners with reduced sentences if they complete programs that make them less likely to repeat an offense." —President Obama
"I've asked my Attorney General to start a review of the overuse of solitary confinement in our federal prisons." —President Obama
"We should not tolerate conditions in prison that have no place in any civilized country." —President Obama
"On Thursday, I will be the first sitting president to visit a federal prison." —President Obama
"We should pass a sentencing reform bill through congress this year." —President Obama
"For nonviolent drug crimes, we need to lower long mandatory minimum sentences—or get rid of them entirely." —President Obama
"Don't just tag them as future criminals. Reach out to them as future citizens." —President Obama
"We have to restore trust between our police and some of the communities where they serve." —President Obama
"We gotta make sure boys and girls in those communities are loved and cherished and nurtured and invested in." —President Obama
"What doesn't make sense is treating entire neighborhoods as danger zones." —President Obama
"We recognize that every child deserves opportunity. Not just some. Not just our own." —President Obama
"One study found that for every dollar we invest in Pre-K, we save at least twice that in reduced crime." —President Obama
"If we make investments early in our children, we will reduce the need to incarcerate those kids." —President Obama
"I believe crime is like any other epidemic—we need to stop it before it starts." —President Obama
"For the first time in 40 years, America's crime rate and incarceration rate went down at the same time." —President Obama
"This is a cause that is bringing people in both houses of Congress together." —President Obama
"Mass incarceration makes our country worse off—and we need to do something about it." —President Obama
"Our criminal justice system isn't as smart as it should be." —President Obama
"Our nation is being robbed of men and women who could be workers and taxpayers." —President Obama
"Around one million fathers are behind bars. Around one in nine African-American kids has a parent in prison." —President Obama
"African Americans are more likely to be arrested. They are more likely to be sentenced to more time for the same crime." —President Obama
"A growing body of research shows that people of color are more likely to be frisked, stopped, questioned, detained." —President Obama
"African Americans and Latinos make up 30 percent of our population. They make up 60 percent of our inmates." —President Obama
"Roughly one-third of the Justice Department's budget now goes toward incarceration." —President Obama
"For $80 billion we could double the salary of every high school teacher in America." —President Obama
"Every year, we spend $80 billion to keep those folks incarcerated." —President Obama
"In far too many cases the punishment does not fit the crime." —President Obama
"Over the last few decades, we've locked up more and more nonviolent drug offenders for longer than ever before." —President Obama
"If we're going to deal with this problem, and the inequities involved, we're going to have to speak honestly." —President Obama
"Our prison population has doubled in the last two decades alone." —President Obama
"In 1980, there were 500,000 people behind bars in America ... Today, there are 2.2 million." —President Obama
"The United States is home to 5 percent of the world's population, but 25 percent of the world's prisoners." —President Obama
"In too many cases our criminal justice system becomes a pipeline from underfunded schools to overcrowded jails." —President Obama
"There is a long history of inequity in the criminal justice system in America." —President Obama
"We can't be satisfied—are not satisfied—until the opportunity gap is closed for everybody in America." —President Obama
"Health care is not a privilege for the few, but a right for all of us." —President Obama
"We made progress, but our work is not done." —President Obama
"I would not be here and so many others would not be here without the NAACP." —President Obama
"Let's get something out of the way up front: I am not singing today." —President Obama
LIVE: The President is speaking about criminal justice reform at the @NAACP National Convention.
Tune in at 4:05 p.m. ET to watch President Obama deliver remarks at the @NAACP's National Convention:
Congratulations to @NASANewHorizons on completing a three-billion-mile journey.
WATCH: Get the facts on why it's time to #FixOvertime protections for millions of workers.
Read the President's op-ed in @AARP on the importance of protecting Americans’ retirement savings:
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the 2015 White House Conference on Aging.
Tune in at 11:15 a.m. ET to watch the President deliver remarks at the @WhiteHouse Conference on Aging:
"Too often, where people live determines what opportunities they have in life." —President Obama
In the weekly address, the President discusses how to make it easier for communities to adopt the Fair Housing Act:
The President just took steps to protect more than one million acres of public land:
The uninsured rate is now at the lowest level to date—thanks to #Obamacare:
Be part of the movement working for lasting, progressive change:
Everyone deserves the same benefits, no matter who they love.
Read @VP Biden's thoughts on how marriage equality makes our country a better place:
Thanks to #Obamacare, women are saving more than a billion dollars in out-of-pocket contraceptive costs.
Add your name if you think it’s time to expand overtime protections for hard-working Americans:
"You inspired a whole new generation of young women." —President Obama to the @ussoccer_wnt
Add your name—because a hard day's work deserves a fair day's pay:
Expanding overtime protections will improve the lives of middle-class families. Read more:
Read how the Obama administration plans to help renters and low-income homeowners gain easier access to solar energy:
Add your name if you think it's time to #FixOvertime protections for hard-working Americans:
Expanding overtime protections will benefit nearly five million Americans. Show your support—add your name today:
ICYMI: Read why President Obama's plan to update overtime rules is a big deal for middle-class workers.
Because a hard day's work deserves a fair day's pay.
"Good luck to the U.S. Women’s National Team in the World Cup Final!" —President Obama
"From my family to yours, have a safe and happy Fourth of July." —President Obama
Happy Fourth of July.
Updating overtime pay rules will benefit nearly five million American workers:
"Happy Fourth of July, everybody. God bless you. God bless America." —President Obama
"If we're walking down that road together, we're going to get there faster." —President Obama
"The last seven years—shoot, the last seven days—should remind us there's nothing America cannot do." —President Obama
"When the playing field is level, American workers always win." —President Obama
"No middle-class family should be priced out of the education that they need." —President Obama
"In America, a hard day's work deserves a fair day's pay." —President Obama
"This is an issue of basic fairness: If you work longer and you work harder, you should get paid for it." —President Obama
"Over the past couple of years, 17 states, almost 30 counties and cities have taken action to raise the minimum wage." —President Obama
"We're stronger together than we are by ourselves." —President Obama
"Folks forget sometimes—unions are what helped bring about the 40-hour work week." —President Obama
"We need to boost the minimum wage. Give America a raise." —President Obama
"The bottom line is: Top-down economics doesn't work. Middle-class economics works." —President Obama
"We've been talking about the middle class since before it was cool." —President Obama
"Middle-class economics works." —President Obama
"Not only are more people getting health care, businesses are able to start giving raises to their workers." —President Obama
"The uninsured rate in America is now the lowest on record." —President Obama
"We put in place the toughest Wall Street reform in history that's protecting main street from another crisis." —President Obama
"Today our high school graduation rate is at an all-time high." —President Obama
"We've added nearly 900,000 new manufacturing jobs." —President Obama
"And by the way, our teachers are underpaid." —President Obama
"We've got to make folks feel like their hard work is getting them somewhere." —President Obama
"12.8 million new jobs, and that's good—but we've got more work to do." —President Obama
"All told, we've now seen 64 straight months of private-sector job growth, which is a new record." —President Obama
"This morning, we learned that our businesses created another 223,000 jobs last month." —President Obama
"America has always done better economically when we're all in it together. When everyone gets a fair shot." —President Obama
"The freedom to marry who you love—that's now open to all of us. That's a good thing." —President Obama
"It's been a remarkable few weeks in America." —President Obama
"No matter where you live, this is a special time of year to be an American." —President Obama
LIVE: President Obama is at @UWLaCrosse speaking about economic progress.
Tune in at 2:30 p.m. ET to watch President Obama talk about the progress made on the economy:
In the past two years, the U.S. economy has created 5.6 million jobs—the strongest two-year job growth since 2000:
The economy added 223,000 jobs in June—marking 64 consecutive months of private-sector job growth.
Three of the world's biggest economies announced new goals to #ActOnClimate:
“We want to educate people, we want to listen to folks, we want to hear good ideas from all sources." —President Obama
"I'm hoping that what we can do now is focus on how we can make it better." —President Obama
"This wasn't about politics—this was about people." —President Obama
"The thing I've never lost sight of, though, is that this is about people." —President Obama
"I'm feeling pretty good about how health care is going." —President Obama
"Not only has the law worked better than expected ... but it's ended up costing less than people expected." —President Obama
President Obama: #Obamacare has made health care stronger, more secure, and more reliable.
"You're able to get free preventive care, including mammograms, as a consequence of this law." —President Obama
"Everybody who has health insurance benefited and continues to benefit from this law." —President Obama
LIVE: The President is speaking about the benefits of #Obamacare and how to continue progress on health care reform.
Tune in at 2:30 p.m. ET to watch the President discuss how we can build on the progress made under #Obamacare:
LAST CALL: Enter for your chance to fly to Hawaii and relax in paradise.
Say you'll keep up the fight—show your support and chip in before midnight:
BUZZER BEATER: There's not a lot of time left on the clock. Chip in $5 now.
TONIGHT: Don't miss your chance to see Hawaii. Enter before the deadline.
"Too many Americans are working long days for less pay than they deserve." —President Obama on overtime pay
Don't miss your shot to chip in before tonight's deadline:
Help break the silence on gun violence in America. Join the fight for common-sense reform:
You've never seen greens like this. Enter now for your chance to win a trip to Hawaii:
Chip in—the deadline is quickly approaching:
Organizing in paradise—the only thing missing is you:
Add your name if you agree that it's time to stand up and do something about gun violence in America:
"For too long, we’ve been blind to the unique mayhem that gun violence inflicts upon this nation." —President Obama
Sign up for your chance to see firsthand how organizing is making a difference in Hawaii:
Better hurry—the deadline to chip in is right around the corner:
You could be organizing in paradise:
The President is acting where he can, but we need Congress to pass a comprehensive solution to fix our broken system.
Over the past two years, the House’s failure to take #ImmigrationAction has cost the country $26.8 billion.
The bill would have put millions of people on a path to citizenship and grown the economy by a cumulative $1.2 trillion.
Two years ago today, the Senate passed a bill to fix our broken immigration system with a bipartisan majority.
"The Affordable Care Act still stands. It is working, and it is here to stay." —President Obama
In the weekly address, the President reaffirms how the Supreme Court ruling on #Obamacare is a victory for America:
LIVE: President Obama is speaking in Charleston honoring the life of Reverend Clementa Pinckney.
Watch the President's full statement on the Supreme Court's ruling on marriage equality.
History.
Retweet to spread the word.
This ruling is a victory for friends, families, and organizers who fought tirelessly for years for marriage equality.
"America should be very proud." —President Obama
"Those countless, often anonymous heroes—they deserve our thanks." —President Obama
"What a vindication of the belief that ordinary people can do extraordinary things." —President Obama
"Today we can say in no uncertain terms that we've made our union a little more perfect." —President Obama
"America is a place where you can write your own destiny." —President Obama
"For all our differences, we are one people—stronger together than we could ever be alone." —President Obama
"When all Americans are treated as equal, we are all more free." —President Obama
"This ruling is a victory for America." —President Obama
"All people should be treated equally, regardless of who they are or who they love." —President Obama
"This morning the Supreme Court recognized the Constitution guarantees marriage equality." —President Obama
"We are all created equal." —President Obama
LIVE: President Obama is speaking on today's historical decision on marriage equality.
Affordable health care is a right for all, not a privilege for a few.
"This was a good day for America. Let's get back to work." —President Obama
"That's when America soars—when we look out for one another." —President Obama
"What we're not going to do is unravel what we've woven into the fabric of America." —President Obama
"We're making progress. We're going to keep working to get more people covered." —President Obama
"With this case behind us, let's be clear: We've got more work to do." —President Obama
"This reform remains what it's always been: a set of fair rules and tougher protections." —President Obama
"Across the country, there are people who are directly benefiting from the law and don't even know it." —President Obama
"Five years in, this is no longer about a law ... This is health care in America." —President Obama
"This law is now helping tens of millions of Americans." —President Obama
"This is not a set of political talking points. This is reality. This law is working." —President Obama
"As the law's provisions have gradually taken effect, more than 16 million Americans have gained coverage so far." —President Obama
"America would have gone backwards. That's not what we do. We move forward." —President Obama
"The Affordable Care Act is here to stay." —President Obama
"When the dust has settled, there can be no doubt that this law is working." —President Obama
"In America, health care is not a privilege for the few but a right for all." —President Obama
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about today's #Obamacare ruling.
Tune in to hear the President give a statement about today's #Obamacare ruling at 11:30 a.m. ET:
Hawaii is leading the way on some of the most important issues. Enter for the chance to see that progress firsthand:
Repealing #Obamacare: still a bad idea.
More Americans don't have to worry about medical bills breaking the bank—thanks to #Obamacare.
Aloha, Oahu:
Hawaii has been a national leader in the progressive movement. Celebrate that progress—and you could win a free trip:
It doesn't get much better than the chance for a free trip to Hawaii. Enter today:
New report: Left unchecked, climate change presents catastrophic risks to human health.
Game on.
The benefits of fighting climate change are clear—the sooner we #ActOnClimate, the better off we'll be.
Repealing #Obamacare would leave 19 million Americans without the security of health care:
If #Obamacare is repealed, the national debt could increase by $137 billion:
It's a win-win.
"In a relentlessly-changing economy, we’ve got more work to do." —President Obama on growing economic opportunity
Fighting climate change with solar power creates jobs.
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses creating new pathways of economic opportunity for all Americans:
Retweet if you agree.
The EPA's standards for trucks will save billions of dollars while decreasing carbon pollution:
Legislators across the country are consistently attacking women's rights. It's time to fight back:
Reducing carbon pollution is a job creator. Read more from @GinaEPA:
LIVE: President Obama is delivering a statement on the shooting in South Carolina.
"From my family to yours, Ramadan Kareem." —President Obama
Find out why it's economically beneficial to #ActOnClimate from @GinaEPA:
Follow up: More on bees.
This is an ongoing battle. Be on the front lines of the fight for women's rights:
In only three months, state legislators introduced 332 provisions restricting choice:
Investing in the clean energy industry is an important way to #ActOnClimate.
These investments put us $4 billion closer to clean energy solutions:
Let's. Go. Hawks.
Economic growth is just one way #DACAworks. See how your state will benefit from more #ImmigrationAction:
Because #DACAworks, hundreds of thousands of young people are closer to the American dream.
"On Flag Day ... we pay tribute to this banner of hope and opportunity." —President Obama
"Trade that’s fair and free and smart will grow opportunity for our middle class." —President Obama
In the weekly address, the President discusses our growing economy and why it's so important that we #LeadOnTrade:
States like Hawaii are leading the fight against climate change:
Read why President John F. Kennedy believed trade was integral to America’s prosperity and security:
This is what's at stake for workers across the country if Congress votes no on expanding TAA:
For 41 years, TAA has been a lifeline for millions of workers. Today, Congress can make sure that lifeline continues.
From @CarolineKennedy: Why it's so important for the United States to #LeadOnTrade:
200 trillion gallons of rain fell in May—the wettest month on record.
Expanding #CollegeOpportunity is vital to America's success in a global economy:
Climate change is already affecting our communities. That's why the President is taking steps to #ActOnClimate now.
Hawaii just set a goal of generating 100 percent of its electricity from renewable resources:
This is how #Obamacare is making health care in America better:
Stand up for expanding #CollegeOpportunity for hard-working students:
"It’s up to all of us ... to help make the right to health care a reality for all Americans." —President Obama
According to a recent poll, a clear majority of Americans don't want federal #Obamacare subsidies rolled back:
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about the benefits of #Obamacare at @TheCHAUSA.
Tune in at 11:50 a.m. ET to watch the President discuss how #Obamacare has improved our health care system:
Celebrate #NationalBestFriendsDay with the person who brings out the best in you.
Read why former U.S. Trade Representative Ron Kirk thinks it's time for the United States to #LeadOnTrade:
Stand up for expanding #CollegeOpportunity for hard-working students:
"I’m going to keep doing everything I can to make our immigration system more just and more fair." —President Obama
In the weekly address, the President discusses #ImmigrantHeritageMonth and fixing our broken immigration system.
"Beau Biden was an original. He was a good man. A man of character. A man who loved deeply and was loved in return." —President Obama
Read a few wise words from Beau Biden, and see the incredible legacy he leaves behind.
If you think access to higher education is a key to success, stand up for #CollegeOpportunity:
With higher hourly wages and 280,000 new jobs, May's jobs report is good news for our economy.
If all 50 states expanded Medicaid, they would save billions of dollars and thousands of lives. Read more:
The economy added 280,000 jobs in May—marking 63 consecutive months of private-sector job growth.
There's been a lot of progress on LGBT equality, but there's more work to do. Add your name to join the fight:
This shouldn't be a partisan issue. It's time to #ActOnClimate.
It's more fun to run with a friend.
Keep the momentum going in the fight for equality. Add your name now:
Here's one way to spark change: Share what LGBT equality means to you.
Join the team that's fighting for LGBT equality:
People across the country are #WearingOrange today to stand up against gun violence.
When all Americans are treated equally—no matter who they are or whom they love—our country will be a better place.
Your story matters in the fight for LGBT rights—share it here:
It takes courage to share your story.
Be on the right side of history. Add your name to continue the fight for equality:
Happy Pride Month.
"For all that Beau Biden achieved in his life ... nothing claimed a fuller focus of his love and devotion than his family." —President Obama
Watch President Obama address key national security measures and reforms in the weekly address:
Add your name to join the team fighting back against climate change denial:
"Let us carry his legacy forward." —President Obama on President John F. Kennedy, born 98 years ago today
Another reason why health care reform is so important to millions of Americans.
New clean water provisions will help protect the health of 117 million Americans. Read more:
Read this blog from @GinaEPA and Jo-Ellen Darcy on why protecting water sources is so important:
Enforceable labor and environmental protections are just a couple of reasons why America needs to #LeadOnTrade.
Read about the hurricane preparedness briefing the President is receiving in Miami today:
A huge step forward in making sure our drinking water is clean.
Read why #CleanWaterRules are essential to prevent pollution and protect our drinking waters:
When 97 percent of climate scientists agree, it's time for the deniers to put politics aside and #ActOnClimate.
These #CleanWaterRules will protect America's drinking water from polluters.
Millions of Americans are counting on this.
Cities nationwide are answering the President's call to #LeadOnLeave and #RaiseTheWage:
The President is pursuing the most progressive trade agreement in U.S. history. You can help fight for it, too:
"Americans gave everything they had—not for glory ... but for something greater than themselves." —President Obama
Today is the last day to get your application in for the @OFA Summer Fellowship program:
Watch President Obama pay tribute to the United States Armed Forces in the weekly address:
If the U.S. doesn't #LeadOnTrade, others will. Let's make sure America writes the rules in this global economy:
America needs to lead the way and #ActOnClimate.
The deadline to be part of the summer #OFAFellows program is tomorrow—apply here:
LIVE: The President is speaking to the Adas Israel Congregation in celebration of Jewish American Heritage Month.
Love is winning:
Read how the Obama administration is stepping up to protect honeybees and other pollinators:
Check out the President's speech at the United States Coast Guard Academy on why it's so important to #ActOnClimate:
This is about making sure there's a level playing field for American workers in the global economy.
TV won't be the same without Dave.
America needs to #LeadOnTrade. If you want trade policy that's tough, progressive, and transparent, add your name:
"This cannot be subject to the usual politics and the usual rhetoric." —President Obama on climate change
"It will not be easy, it will require sacrifices, and the politics will be tough. But there is no other way." —President Obama
"The only way the world is going to prevent the effects of climate change is to slow down the warming of the planet." —President Obama
"Climate change—and especially rising seas—is a threat to our homeland security." —President Obama
"Denying it or refusing to deal with it endangers our national security." —President Obama on climate change
"Cadets, the threat of a changing climate cuts to the very core of your service." —President Obama to the U.S. Coast Guard Academy graduates
"The planet is getting warmer. Fourteen of the 15 hottest years on record have been in the past 15 years." —President Obama
"The best scientists in the world know that climate change is happening." —President Obama
LIVE: President Obama is delivering the keynote address at the commencement ceremony of the U.S. Coast Guard Academy.
Tune in at 11:35 a.m. ET to watch the President deliver a commencement speech at the U.S. Coast Guard Academy:
This is why health care reform matters.
Bees.
This is your opportunity to get your start in community organizing:
It's time to do away with Mad Men-era workplace policies—add your name if you agree:
LIVE: President Obama is speaking to youth and local law enforcement in New Jersey.
Welcome @POTUS, the official government account of the President of the United States.
What will it take for climate change deniers to #ActOnClimate?
"We want a place where you can make it if you try. That’s the promise we make to our young people." —President Obama
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses the importance of expanding opportunity for all Americans:
This is about leveling the playing field for American workers in the global economy—say it's time to #LeadOnTrade:
You could be the next great grassroots organizer. Here's how:
"There’s going to be one killer blues session in heaven tonight." —President Obama on the passing of
"When it comes to a woman's health, no politician should get to decide what's best for you." —President Obama
This is a real step forward in creating a fair environment for the roughly 40 million Americans with student debt:
It's the #GimmeFive challenge, presidential style.
This shouldn't be an issue in 2015.
Yumi used to think she couldn't make a difference—now she's helping DREAMers in her community. Read her story:
It's time for the United States to #LeadOnTrade—add your name if you agree:
America needs to #LeadOnTrade by making sure any deal lives up to our values. (graphic via @WhiteHouse)
"Our thoughts and prayers go out to the families and friends of those we lost last night." —President Obama on the Amtrak derailment
Add your name if you think it's time to treat paid leave like the economic priority it is:
It's time to do better by working families. Let's #LeadOnLeave.
Sign on if you agree that working families deserve paid leave:
NASA leads the world in the exploration and study of planets. Let's not let climate change deniers change that:
As we continue to celebrate mothers, let's make sure workplace policies live up to what they deserve:
It's time to give American workers the security of paid leave.
"We will be forever grateful for what these remarkable men and women did." —President Obama
WATCH: President Obama honors the 70th anniversary of VE Day in the weekly address:
President Obama visits his 50th state today. See White House photographer @PeteSouza's gallery from the first 49:
In the last 62 months, over 12.3 million private-sector jobs have been added to the economy. Read more:
"When the playing field is level, nobody beats the United States of America." —President Obama
"If any agreement undercuts working families—I wouldn’t sign it." —President Obama
"If you are opposed to these smart, progress trade deals, that means you must be satisfied with the status quo." —President Obama
"We have to make sure America writes the rules of the global economy." —President Obama
"If we don't write the rules for trade around the world, guess what: China will." —President Obama
"I view smart trade agreements as a part of middle-class economics." —President Obama
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about trade in Beaverton, Oregon.
Tune in at 12:15 p.m. ET to watch the President deliver remarks on trade in Beaverton, Oregon:
The economy added 223,000 jobs in April—that's a record 62 consecutive months of private-sector job growth.
Too many elected officials are still in denial about climate change. Join the team holding them accountable:
Carbon pollution in the atmosphere has hit a dangerous milestone. It's time for action, not denial.
That time President Obama didn't need an anger translator to show how much we need to #ActOnClimate:
Addressing climate change isn't just good for our planet and our economy—it's good for our health:
Add your name if you're ready to #ActOnClimate:
David Letterman and President Obama discussed retirement plans last night. Take a look:
This @OFA volunteer is fighting to make the world better for her grandchildren.
Working families deserve paid leave.
Happening now: President Obama delivers remarks for the launch of the My Brother's Keeper Alliance at @LehmanCollege.
Tune in at 2:35 p.m. ET to watch the President speak at the launch of the My Brother's Keeper Alliance.
The science is clear—climate change shouldn't be ignored.
"A great education can be within everyone’s reach." —President Obama
WATCH: In the weekly address, President Obama reiterates his commitment to expanding access to education.
Teachers have the ability to influence their students for life. #ThankATeacher and share how important yours were:
Know someone who would be perfect for this fellowship? Here's where to apply:
President Obama runs into a group of schoolchildren while walking near the White House. WARNING: cuteness ensues.
Read President Obama's op-ed in the @MiamiHerald on why we can't wait to #ActOnClimate:
LIVE: The President takes a virtual field trip and discusses improving access to libraries for students.
Read how this fifth-grade teacher helped inspire the President of the United States:
Our education shapes who we become. Share who inspired you, and #ThankATeacher today:
Check out President Obama's interview with @WSJ on why America needs to #LeadOnTrade:
.@OFA's fellowship program is all about training the next generation of grassroots organizers. Be a part of it:
LIVE: President Obama honors the 2015 National Teacher of the Year.
If you aspire to be a better community organizer, this is for you:
Thanks to health care reform, people have more options—just another reason Americans are #BetterWithObamacare:
Congratulations to Loretta Lynch, who was sworn in as U.S. attorney general today, the first African-American woman to hold the post.
ICYMI: Watch President Obama's full remarks to @OFA supporters last week.
LIVE: Watch the 2015 White House Correspondents' Dinner.
Cecily Strong hosts the White House Correspondents' Dinner tonight at 8 p.m. ET. Watch it here:
"We can’t surrender to the future—because we are meant to win the future." —President Obama
In the weekly address, the President discusses how the new trade deal will benefit American workers and businesses:
Farmers can fight climate change. Read about the Obama administration's new plans to help:
If you know someone looking to take their organizing skills to the next level, send them here:
America can't stand by and let other countries #LeadOnTrade. We have to step up and write free and fair trade rules.
"You give me hope. You guys are doing extraordinary things." —President Obama to @OFA supporters
"Talk to your friends, talk to your neighbors, talk about why this work matters." —President Obama to @OFA supporters
"If I didn't think this was the best thing to do for working families, I would not be doing it." —President Obama
"We've got to fight for trade that benefits our workers—on our terms." —President Obama
"I've been fighting income inequality since before it was cool." —President Obama
"My entire presidency has been about helping working families." —President Obama
"The status quo isn't working for our workers." —President Obama
"It's not just good for our businesses, it's good for our workers." —President Obama
"It's the most progressive trade agreement in our history." —President Obama
"We want to make sure we win the future. That's what America is about." —President Obama
"America needs to write the rules of the global economy. We can't leave it to somebody else." —President Obama
"This set of trade agreements that we're looking at is vital to middle-class economics." —President Obama
"Today, more than 16 million Americans have gained the security of health insurance." —President Obama
"I'm proud of all of you, and I hope all of you are proud of what we've done together." —President Obama to @OFA supporters
"You guys sound fired up!" —President Obama at the @OFA Spring Summit
LIVE on @OFA #Periscope: President Obama is speaking at the 2015 Spring Summit.
You won't want to miss this.
Here’s a reminder from @GinaEPA of a few challenges the EPA has conquered in the past:
Apply to be an @OFA fellow today to make a difference in your community:
#ClimateChangeIsReal. So is President Obama's 3-point game.
"We are blessed with the most beautiful God-given landscape in the entire world ... We have to be good stewards for it." —President Obama
"This is not some impossible problem that we cannot solve. We can solve it if we have the political will." —President Obama
"No matter who you are, no matter where you live, our parks ... are your birthright as Americans." —President Obama
"Every dollar invested in the National Park Service generates $10 for the American economy. That's a good investment." —President Obama
"Climate change can no longer be denied. It can't be edited out. It can't be omitted from the conversation." —President Obama
"The Pentagon says that climate change poses an increasing set of risks for global security." —President Obama
"If we don't act, there may not be an Everglades as we know it." —President Obama
"I can't think of a better way to spend Earth Day than in one of our greatest national treasures, the Everglades." —President Obama
LIVE: President Obama is discussing the threat climate change poses to our economy and to the world.
Tune in at 3:05 p.m. ET to watch the President speak in Everglades National Park about fighting climate change:
#ClimateChangeIsReal. So is the historic agreement between the U.S. and China last fall to cut carbon pollution.
#ClimateChangeIsReal. So are the actions President Obama is taking to tackle it.
The United States needs to #LeadOnTrade and sell more goods that are #MadeInAmerica.
Help organizers from across the country get the training needed to take their skills to the next level:
If you want to take your organizing skills to the next level, this is for you—apply to be an @OFA fellow now:
WATCH: This is why it's important for the United States to #LeadOnTrade.
"This week, we embrace our cherished lands and waters, and celebrate the ways they enrich our nation." —President Obama
"Let us seize this opportunity to experience all our great outdoors has to offer." —President Obama
"Climate change can no longer be denied—or ignored." —President Obama
WATCH: In the weekly address, President Obama talks about his commitment to #ActOnClimate.
ICYMI: Check out the full video from the #ObamaTownHall on equal pay, child care, and more.
This article debunks six big myths on climate change: (h/t @goodhousemag)
"We shouldn't have to choose between rewarding work and raising a family." —President Obama
"Things like paid leave, paid sick days, child care, equal pay—these are family issues and these are economic issues." —President Obama
"Anything that holds women back holds back the entire country." —President Obama
"Ensuring equal pay for women is a no-brainer." —President Obama
"Because our workplaces have changed, we have to change with them." —President Obama
"I believe in broad-based economic growth ... that's why we call it middle-class economics." —President Obama
"We all have a part to play to make sure that everybody's got a fair shot in this society." —President Obama
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at a Champions of Change event highlighting people fighting for working families.
Tune in at 2:10 p.m. ET to watch President Obama celebrate Americans who are fighting for working families:
Happy #NationalHighFiveDay!
LIVE: The White House is hosting the eighth annual Soldier Ride with the Wounded Warrior Project.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking with @BlogHer and @SheKnows about equal pay, paid leave, and more.
It's time for everyone to see equal pay and child care as the economic priorities they are:
Don't miss today's #ObamaTownHall with @BlogHer and @SheKnows in Charlotte at 2:35 p.m. ET:
"When women succeed, America succeeds." —President Obama
It's time.
Climate change deniers are running out of excuses.
Another reason Americans are #BetterWithObamacare:
"Two years of community college should become as free and as universal as high school is today." —@VP Joe Biden
In the weekly address, @VP Joe Biden talks about the plan to make community college free for two years.
WATCH: The Obama administration supports a ban on conversion therapy to protect America's youth.
President Obama is working with Caribbean leaders to make clean energy a priority. Find out how:
Retweet if you agree: We have to #ActOnClimate now.
Read how one organizer found his inspiration to take action:
"16 million people or more have health insurance that didn't have it before." —President Obama on
Check out these great photos from this year's #EasterEggRoll:
Man-made climate change is happening, and it's a real threat to public health. Read more here:
Today marks an important milestone for civil rights. Read more from @vj44:
The White House is expanding "Take Our Daughters and Sons to Work Day" to kids who don't have a workplace to visit:
Now is the time to #ActOnClimate.
Read how President Obama is working to minimize public health risks from climate change:
The House's budget is based on trickle-down economics that have failed working families. See how it could affect you:
Happy #OpeningDay.
This would be huge for working families:
Today is the 137th White House Easter Egg Roll. Check out the celebration here:
WATCH: In the weekly address, President Obama talks about the historic understanding reached with Iran.
"From my family to yours, Chag Sameach." —President Obama
The President is launching an initiative to train 75,000 Americans—including veterans—to join the solar workforce:
"We've got to lead by example, invest in the future, train our workers to get jobs in the clean energy economy." —President Obama
"We've got to be relentless in our work to grow the economy and create new jobs." —President Obama
"Since I took office, solar electricity has gone up twenty-fold." —President Obama
LIVE: President Obama is in Utah talking about training American workers for clean energy jobs.
Tune in at 1 p.m. ET to watch President Obama at Hill Air Force Base in Utah discuss the importance of clean energy:
Our economy added 126,000 jobs in March, the 61st consecutive month of private-sector job growth.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking in Louisville, Kentucky, about the economy.
Tune in at 5:50 p.m. ET to watch the President deliver remarks on our economy in Louisville, Kentucky:
We need a budget that works for every American—not just the wealthy few.
Happening now: The President is delivering a statement on Iran.
This 9-year-old girl stood up for what she believes in, and then got a letter back from the President:
Read how #Obamacare is a major reason why we’ve seen an estimated 50,000 fewer preventable patient deaths:
Renewable energy investments are up 17 percent globally from 2013. Read more:
The budget resolutions Congress passed would devastate programs millions of middle-class families rely upon.
Climate change is a global problem. Here's another step towards solving it:
Get ready for the final sprint. You have until midnight to enter ... Go!
This shouldn't be a debate.
You could talk about anything—even compare jump shots. Enter now:
Be one of the people building this grassroots movement from the ground up:
Stay calm, but act fast: There's one day left to enter for the chance to meet President Obama.
Another nation commits to #ActOnClimate—Mexico announced it would cut carbon pollution 25 percent by 2030:
Free flight, free hotel, and a chance to meet the President? Enter today:
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about the life and legacy of Senator Ted Kennedy in Boston.
"Protecting working Americans’ paychecks shouldn’t be a partisan issue." —President Obama
WATCH: The President highlights the progress made since he signed Wall Street reform into law five years ago.
You've got this:
Check this off your bucket list.
"Time and time again, @SenatorReid stood up to special interests and made sure every one of his constituents had a voice." —President Obama
Wouldn't it be nice to fly to D.C. to meet President Obama? Here's your chance:
If you believe in this grassroots movement for change, make an investment in its future—chip in today:
"There's nothing we can't do if the American people decide it's time." —President Obama
"We're also our brother's keeper ... our sister's keeper. We're also a country that believes everyone gets a fair shot." —President Obama
"Wall Street reform, what we passed five years ago, is protecting working families and taxpayers." —President Obama
"I want to invest in basic research so the jobs and industry of the future take root here." —President Obama
"The deficit has come down by two-thirds since I've been president." —President Obama
"I want to put more people back to work—rebuilding our roads and our bridges, modern ports, faster trains, faster internet" —President Obama
"These ideas are not about ideology—the reason we proposed these ideas is because we know they work." —President Obama
"Two years of community college should be as free and universal as high school is today." —President Obama
"Thanks to the hard work of the American people, America's coming back." —President Obama
"More than 16 million Americans have gained the security of health insurance." —President Obama
"In America, if you work hard, you can get ahead." —President Obama
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about the economy at Lawson State Community College in Birmingham, Alabama.
Tune in at 4:10 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak about the economy at Lawson State Community College:
Add your name. Get entered to win a trip for two to D.C. Meet the President. It's that easy.
Get ready—enter for your chance to meet President Obama:
Read how these three women's lives and careers are #BetterWithObamacare:
This is a free trip for two to our nation's capital—and you'll get to meet President Obama:
"It's the end of discrimination against the sick in America." —President Obama on how we're #BetterWithObamacare.
Think you can nail the punchline? Here's your chance:
LIVE: President Obama is talking about the success of the Affordable Care Act.
"It is unbelievable what so many of these young people have accomplished." —President Obama
WATCH: President Obama talks with 6-year-old "Supergirls" at the #WHScienceFair.
Share what inspired you to get involved, and be automatically entered to meet the President:
Read how #Obamacare has been an "amazing catalyst for job creation and innovation."
Five years ago, health care reform became law. Since then, it's helped 16M people get covered:
On the fifth anniversary of health care reform, see how America is #BetterWithObamacare:
“Actual facts show that the Affordable Care Act is good for our economy." —President Obama
WATCH: The President calls on the Senate to stop playing politics and confirm Loretta Lynch as Attorney General.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about helping all young Americans reach their full potential at the #WHFilmFest.
Vote on the Flunked-Science Four now:
The President announced a 40% cut in federal carbon pollution over the next decade, saving $18 billion.
America needs a budget that builds a stronger middle class—not one that revisits failed policies.
It's that time of year. Check out the Presidential Bracket.
"We know what works. We know what we have to do. We've just got to put aside the stale and outmoded debates." —President Obama
"Today I announced nearly $500 million in new public and private investment for American manufacturing." —President Obama
"I've proposed making two years of community college as free and universal as high school is today." —President Obama
"I want to make sure all our kids get a great education from the earliest age." —President Obama
"Republicans in Congress have put together the same proposals year after year after year." —President Obama
"The Republican budget would strip health insurance for millions of Americans." —President Obama
"There's nothing I'd like more than an opposition party that works with me to let hard-working Americans get ahead." —President Obama
"Reality has rendered it's judgement: Trickle-down economics does not work, and middle-class economics does." —President Obama
"We've emerged from what was a once-in-a-generation crisis, better positioned for the future than any of our competitors." —President Obama
"Since I took office, we've cut our deficits as a share of our economy by about two-thirds." —President Obama
"More than 16 million Americans have gained the security of health care coverage." —President Obama
"The typical family this year should save more than $700 at the pump." —President Obama
"Every three weeks we produce as much solar power as we did in all of 2008." —President Obama
"Today there are more job openings in the United States than any time since 2001." —President Obama
"We're now in the midst of the longest streak of private-sector growth on record." —President Obama
"America's businesses have added more than 200,000 jobs each month for 12 straight months." —President Obama
"Do we retreat from the realities of a 21st century economy, or do we advance together?"—President Obama
LIVE: President Obama speaks at the City Club of Cleveland about the importance of middle-class economics.
Tune in at 2:55 p.m. ET to watch President Obama talk about middle-class economics in Cleveland, Ohio.
Read the President's reply to a high school student's letter about the unequal distribution of school supplies:
Happy Saint Patrick's Day.
WATCH: President Obama discusses #CollegeOpportunity with students from across the country.
Before this round ends, help decide who advances in the Climate Change Fantasy Tournament:
Thanks to #Obamacare, 16.4 million more Americans have the security of health coverage.
In the weekly address, President Obama lays out his plan for quality, affordable higher education for all Americans:
Read how the Obama administration is fighting state bans on same-sex marriage:
Time to weigh in—who deserves the #ChampionDenier title?
For real though:
We've already tripled wind energy in America, but there's more we can do.
Who will take home the title of #ChampionDenier? Vote now:
ICYMI: Nearly 11.7 million Americans enrolled in health care through the open marketplace.
Solar power is growing at record rates, supporting American jobs and helping fight climate change:
We're making big strides in combating climate change—but more can be done.
"No matter who you are or where you come from, not only can you succeed, but you can help everybody else succeed." —President Obama
"Inspire us. Lead us. Be the Americans that we need you to be." —President Obama
"Change doesn't happen by itself. It happens because people get organized." —President Obama
"You're not just investing in yourself—you're investing in your nation." —President Obama
"We're trying to make sure that across the board more and more young people can afford to go to college." —President Obama
"I sent Congress a bold new plan to bring down the cost of community college to zero." —President Obama
"I'm only standing here because of scholarships and loans and work study." —President Obama
"I believe America is not a place where higher education is a privilege reserved for the few." —President Obama
"The ability to compete in the global economy depends on us having the world's most skilled, best educated workforce." —President Obama
"Your most valuable asset is your imagination." —President Obama
"Today a college degree is the surest ticket to the middle class." —President Obama
"After the worst economic crisis of our lifetimes, over the past five years our economy has created 12 million new jobs." —President Obama
"I believe that higher education is one of the best investments anybody can make in their future." —President Obama
LIVE: President Obama is talking to students at @GeorgiaTech about how to make college in America more affordable.
Tune in at 1:30 p.m. ET to watch President Obama discuss college affordability at @GeorgiaTech:
Watch President Obama and @FLOTUS reflect on their visit to Selma:
"Women make immeasurable contributions to our world." —President Obama
"We honor those who walked so we could run. We must run so our children soar." —President Obama
"What a glorious task we are given, to continually try to improve this great nation of ours." —President Obama
"We respect the past, but we don’t pine for the past. We don’t fear the future." —President Obama
"We know America is what we make of it." —President Obama
"We can make sure every person willing to work has the dignity of a job, and a fair wage, and a real voice." —President Obama
"With effort, we can roll back poverty and the roadblocks to opportunity." —President Obama
"This is work for all Americans, and not just some. Not just whites. Not just blacks." —President Obama
"Selma teaches us, too, that action requires that we shed our cynicism." —President Obama
"If Selma taught us anything, it’s that our work is never done." —President Obama
"Young people can draw strength from this place, where the powerless could change the world’s greatest power." —President Obama
"That’s what this movement was all about—one leg in our long journey toward freedom." —President Obama
"What greater form of patriotism is there than the belief that America is not yet finished." —President Obama
"What could be more American than what happened in this place?" —President Obama
"They proved that nonviolent change is possible. That love and hope can conquer hate." —President Obama
"What enormous faith these men and women had—faith in God, but also faith in America." —President Obama
"It was not a clash of armies, but a clash of wills; a contest to determine the true meaning of America." —President Obama
"There are places and moments in America where this nation’s destiny has been decided ... Selma is such a place." —President Obama
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the Edmund Pettus Bridge on the 50th anniversary of the Selma marches.
Tune in at 2:35 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak in Selma, Alabama:
WATCH: President Obama discusses the need to encourage the education of girls around the globe.
Learn about the legacy of Selma, listen to stories from courageous civil rights activists, and #MarchOn:
LIVE: President Obama is participating in a town hall at @BenedictEDU about youth opportunities.
Our economy added 295,000 jobs last month—that's a record 60 consecutive months of private-sector job growth:
The number of uninsured Americans continues to drop within the first two months of 2015:
The unemployment rate dropped in every single state during 2014—the first time that's happened in 30 years.
President Obama's progressive trade deal would mean stronger protections for workers and the environment:
If you're passionate about marriage equality, take a look at this progress—state by state:
"Every girl deserves an education." —President Obama
LIVE: President Obama and @FLOTUS discuss expanding efforts to help #LetGirlsLearn around the world.
"Throughout history, extraordinary women have fought tirelessly to broaden our democracy's reach." —President Obama
The excuses not to #ActOnClimate need to end.
In the weekly address, the President talks about ensuring that all hard-working Americans can retire with dignity.
Six hours until a Homeland Security shutdown. #EnoughAlready—time to pass the bipartisan funding bill now.
"Long before being nerdy was cool, there was Leonard Nimoy." —President Obama
We can't govern from crisis to crisis. Add your name if you support a long-term plan to #FundDHS:
"You shouldn't feel like you can't make mistakes at this point." —President Obama to Noah McQueen
Great news: Today, the @FCC voted in favor of a free and open internet.
Missed the #ObamaTownHall on immigration reform last night? Watch it here:
IMPORTANT: Congress is only one day away from another shutdown.
We're just two days away from another shutdown—your voice matters more than ever. Add your name:
Consumer protections for retirement savings are critical for middle-class families. Read why: (via @DispatchAlerts)
Tell new congressional leaders #EnoughAlready—no more manufactured crises over politics:
ICYMI: A comprehensive immigration reform bill sat on Speaker Boehner's desk for more than 500 days.
Some in Congress would choose not to fund @DHSgov rather than fix our broken immigration system.
"It's time to end the era of manufactured crises." —President Obama on
Let congressional leaders know that another shutdown is the last thing we need. Add your name now:
Reminder: The debate in Congress right now is supposed to be about funding the Department of Homeland Security.
LIVE: President Obama is talking about how strengthening retirement security is good for the middle class.
Only two months on the job, the new Congress is already threatening a partial government shutdown.
In the weekly address, the President discusses opening new markets to grow the economy and support good-paying jobs:
Every day is #LoveYourPetDay.
Here are eight ways #Obamacare has proved the critics wrong: (h/t @voxdotcom)
It's more than health insurance—it's peace of mind.
LIVE: The President announces new national monuments and an initiative to protect the nation's unique outdoor spaces.
"Trade has an important role to play in supporting good-paying, middle-class jobs in the U.S." —President Obama
Too many lawmakers still deny the science of climate change. Call them out now:
The Affordable Care Act is helping millions of families—we can't go back now.
The deadline is here. Go #GetCoveredNow:
Last call for health insurance this year:
"Nothing will determine our success as a nation in the 21st century more than how well we educate our kids."
Get it done today:
In the weekly address, the President lays out his plan to ensure more kids graduate from school ready for the future:
Just like your favorite romantic comedies—but with benefits:
The United States can make real progress on climate change. Read more from @Podesta44:
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the White House #CyberSummit at @Stanford.
Make sure your loved ones are covered:
Speaking of #YOLO:
So, this happened:
No more games—Congress should stop the political posturing and make progress on immigration.
Three days left:
Happening now: President Obama discusses taking action against ISIL.
The President discusses the importance of health care and marriage equality progress in his interview with @BuzzFeed:
Of all the things you do today, getting covered before the enrollment deadline could be the most crucial:
It's the final countdown: Only five days left in the enrollment period. #GetCovered now.
It's time to #GetCovered. Watch:
Joshua got covered so that he could stay healthy—without worrying about expensive premiums.
Repealing the Affordable Care Act would mean millions of Americans could lose their health insurance:
President Obama sat down with @voxdotcom to discuss health care, the economy, and America's position in the world:
Watch the message that aired tonight during the #Grammys from President Obama: #ItsOnUs to stop sexual assault.
Watch: In the weekly address, President Obama highlights the country's economic progress.
Watch: These people are why the Affordable Care Act matters.
"Let's roll up our sleeves, work together, and try to get something done." —President Obama
"I'm not pushing these ideas for my sake. I'm pushing them because I think this is where America needs to go." —President Obama
"At a time when the economy is picking up speed and growing again, we've got to work twice as hard." —President Obama
"I want to make sure that this is a country where hard work is rewarded." —President Obama
"We have risen from recession, freer to write our own future than any nation on earth." —President Obama
"America is poised for another good year... as long as Washington works to keep this progress going." —President Obama
"And, in the single most hopeful sign for middle-class families, wages are starting to go up again." —President Obama
"Over the past 59 months, the private sector has added almost 12 million new jobs." —President Obama
"In 2014, our economy created 3.1 million jobs—and that's the best year of job growth since the 1990s." —President Obama
LIVE: The President answers questions from students and faculty at Ivy Tech Community College in Indianapolis.
Tune in at 2:15 p.m. ET to watch President Obama take questions from students on jobs and education at a town hall:
The economy added 257,000 jobs in January, part of the strongest three-month growth since 1997. Let's keep it going:
Good news: Wind and solar energy have tripled since 2008.
WATCH: No one's invincible.
Jake has coverage he can count on, for less than he expected.
The last chance to #GetCovered for 2015 is only days away. Find a plan today:
Today, President Obama met with young immigrants whose lives are positively affected by #ImmigrationAction.
Not that much time left to #GetCovered:
Check out President Obama's comprehensive budget plan, and see how he's investing in middle-class families:
"We have to pass a budget that gives middle-class families the security they need to get ahead in the new economy." —President Obama
LIVE: President Obama discusses how his budget will bring middle-class economics into the 21st century.
"I will keep doing everything I can to help more working families make ends meet and get ahead." —President Obama
In the weekly address, President Obama lays the foundation for focusing on middle-class economics:
Check getting covered off of your to-do list. Find a plan that works for you before the February 15th deadline:
Climate change deniers, take note: The vast majority of Americans agree that it's time to #ActOnClimate.
Happening now: President Obama speaks about investing in precision medicine to improve health and disease treatment.
Six years ago, the President signed the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act—but the fight for equal pay is far from over.
Parents will always worry about their kids. Give them some peace of mind—#GetCovered today.
Get a state-by-state breakdown on how much the President's #ImmigrationAction will benefit the economy:
9.5 million Americans have signed up for coverage—and we're not done yet.
.@VP stops by @TheEllenShow with a message for young adults: Give your mom some peace of mind and #GetCovered.
If you need health insurance, find a plan that's right for you right now:
"People want to see an agenda that moves us all forward." Read President Obama's latest message to @OFA:
Watch the weekly address: We have to do everything we can to help more Americans get ahead in the new economy.
"Somewhere, the sun is shining, the air is fresh, his team's behind him, and Mr. Class—'Mr. Cub'—is ready to play two." —President Obama
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the U.S. Conference of Mayors. Watch here:
These senators are at odds with 97% of climate scientists and NASA.
Watch: Don't be THAT person. Stop waiting around and #GetCovered today.
"I am deeply committed to protecting this core constitutional right." —President Obama on the 42nd anniversary of
Happening now: President Obama is being interviewed by @YouTube stars Bethany Mota, GloZell Green and Hank Green.
Read President Obama's latest message to @OFA supporters after his State of the Union address:
Find out which senators just went on the record to say that man-made climate change isn't real:
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at @KUNews about middle-class economics. Tune in:
Next stop: Kansas. Tune in at 12:25 p.m. ET to watch President Obama talk about middle-class economics.
LIVE: A day after his State of the Union address, President Obama is in Idaho spekaing at @BoiseStateLive. Tune in:
President Obama is doing what he can to fight for middle-class families. Take a stand on this:
It's #BigBlockOfCheeseDay: Check out the schedule of White House staff answering your questions.
Let's go.
"Let’s begin this new chapter—together—and let’s start the work right now." —President Obama
"My fellow Americans, we too are a strong, tight-knit family. We, too, have made it through some hard times." —President Obama
"I want future generations to know that we are a people that see our differences as a great gift." —President Obama
"If you share the broad vision I outlined tonight, join me in the work at hand." —President Obama
"It’s possible to shape a law that upholds our tradition as a nation of laws and a nation of immigrants." —President Obama
Retweet if you agree: #LoveIsLove.
"I’ve seen something like gay marriage go from a wedge issue used to drive us apart to a story of freedom." —President Obama
"I know the good, and optimistic, and big-hearted generosity of the American people." — President Obama
"I still believe we are one people. I still believe that together, we can do great things, even when the odds are long." —President Obama
"I know how tempting such cynicism may be. But I still think the cynics are wrong." —President Obama
"Leading — always — with the example of our values. That’s what makes us exceptional. That’s what keeps us strong." — President Obama
"I will not let this Congress endanger the health of our children by turning back our efforts." —President Obama
"14 of the 15 warmest years on record have all fallen in the first 15 years of this century." —President Obama
"No challenge poses a greater threat to future generations than climate change." —President Obama
The science is clear: We have to #ActOnClimate.
"When what you're doing hasn't worked for 50 years, it's time to try something new." —President Obama
"We need a tax code that truly helps working Americans trying to get a leg up in the new economy." —President Obama
"When it comes to issues like infrastructure and basic research, I know there’s bipartisan support in this chamber." —President Obama
"21st century businesses will rely on American science, technology, research and development." —President Obama
"Let’s pass a bipartisan infrastructure plan that could create more than 30 times as many jobs per year.” —President Obama
"To every CEO in America: If you want someone who will get the job done and done right, hire a veteran." —President Obama
"As a new generation of veterans come home, we owe them every opportunity to live the American dream they helped defend." —President Obama
"Free community college is possible—and I want to spread that idea all across America." —President Obama
"That’s why I am sending this Congress a bold new plan to lower the cost of community college—to zero." —President Obama
“We still need laws that strengthen rather than weaken unions, and give American workers a voice.” —President Obama
"If you truly believe you could work full-time and support a family on less than $15,000 a year, go try it." —President Obama
"It's 2015. It's time." —President Obama on equal pay
"Send me a bill that gives every worker in America the opportunity to earn seven days of paid sick leave." —President Obama
"We’re the only advanced country on Earth that doesn’t guarantee paid sick leave or paid maternity leave." —President Obama
Paid leave should be a right for all workers—not just a privilege. Let's #LeadOnLeave.
"Middle-class economics means helping working families feel more secure in a world of constant change." —President Obama
"This country does best when everyone gets their fair shot." —President Obama
“Tonight, together, let’s do more to restore the link between hard work and growing opportunity for every American.” —President Obama
Retweet if you agree with President Obama.
Millions more now have the peace of mind that comes with having health insurance, thanks to #Obamacare.
"In the past year alone, about 10 million uninsured Americans finally gained the security of health coverage." —President Obama
“Over the past five years, our businesses have created more than 11 million new jobs.” —President Obama
"In two weeks, I will send this Congress a budget filled with ideas that are practical, not partisan." —President Obama
"It's now up to us to choose who we want to be over the next 15 years, and for decades to come." —President Obama
"We salute the courage and sacrifice of every man and woman in this 9/11 generation who has served to keep us safe." —President Obama
"More of our kids are graduating than ever before. More of our people are insured than ever before." —President Obama
"Our unemployment rate is now lower than it was before the financial crisis." —President Obama
"Tonight, after a breakthrough year for America, our economy is growing and creating jobs at the fastest pace since 1999." —President Obama
LIVE: President Obama is delivering the State of the Union to Congress. Watch here:
Here's the best place to watch President Obama deliver his sixth State of the Union at 9:00 p.m. ET:
Add your name: Take a stand for middle-class families.
If you think it's time for Congress to get to work on an agenda that moves us forward, add your name:
Watch: President Obama gives a behind-the-scenes look into tonight's #SOTU address.
Tonight, the President will lay out how he plans to fight for middle-class families. Say you'll stand alongside him:
Don't miss the State of the Union address at 9:00 p.m. ET tonight. Tune in here:
Ready?
"From Dr. King's courage, we draw strength and the resolve to continue climbing toward the promised land." —President Obama
Get ready: In the State of the Union, President Obama will outline policies to help middle-class families.
"All of us have a right to be proud of the progress America has made." —President Obama
In the weekly address, President Obama previews his State of the Union address on Tuesday. Watch here:
Wishing @FLOTUS the happiest birthday today. Thanks for being an inspiration every day of the year.
It's official: 2014 was the hottest year on record. It's time to #ActOnClimate.
Thanks to #Obamacare, fewer people are facing financial distress because of medical bills. More from @nytimes:
Retweet if you believe solar energy is critical to America's future.
LAST CALL: Enroll now and have health insurance on February 1st.
Read the latest op-ed from @vj44 about the importance of paid family leave:
Enroll today for health insurance that starts on February 1st:
ICYMI: President Obama wants your internet to move faster.
The U.S. solar industry is booming. Read more from @BW:
Today is the last day to enroll for health coverage that begins on February 1st. #GetCovered:
President Obama is working to cut harmful methane emissions. More from @TIME:
LIVE: The President is discussing new steps to help Americans get access to #BetterBroadband.
Tune in at 3:40 p.m. ET to watch President Obama lay out new steps to increase access to #BetterBroadband:
Instead of passing comprehensive immigration reform, the House just voted to roll back progress. It's time for solutions, not politics.
Tomorrow is the last day to enroll for health coverage that begins on February 1st. Check your options:
The deadline to #GetCovered is coming up fast. Don't miss your chance to find a plan that works for you:
Have health insurance on February 1st. Sign up today.
Over 58 straight months of growth, the private sector has added 11.2 million jobs.
Great news: At the start of 2015, workers in twenty states saw an increase to the minimum wage.
"When we Americans put our minds together and our shoulder to the wheel, there's nothing we can't do." —President Obama
"I hope Congress joins us in this national movement to protect the privacy of our children." —President Obama
"Michelle and I are like parents everywhere—we want to make sure our children are being safe and smart online." —President Obama
"We want our kids privacy protected—no matter where they sign on." —President Obama
"I'm announcing new steps to protect the identities and privacy of the American people." —President Obama
"If we're going to be connected, then we need to be protected." —President Obama
"Today, I'm focusing on how to better protect American consumers from identity theft." —President Obama
WATCH: President Obama is speaking at the Federal Trade Commission about tackling consumer privacy.
Watch the President speak at 11:55 a.m. ET about ways to tackle identity theft and improve confidence in technology:
"America is coming back. And I want to go full speed ahead." —President Obama
Watch the weekly address: President Obama discusses America's resurgence and how he'll continue to build progress.
LIVE: The President is in Knoxville discussing new initiatives to help Americans go to college.
FACT: The annual average unemployment rate fell 1.2 percent between 2013 and 2014, the largest decline since 1984.
It's official: The economy added 252,000 jobs in December, making 2014 the best year for job growth since 1999.
LIVE: President Obama is in Arizona speaking about the middle class and the housing market.
President Obama is speaking at 12:45 p.m. ET about how far the housing market has come since the recession. Tune in:
If you don't have health insurance, #GetCovered today:
Great news: The uninsured rate in the U.S. has dropped to 12.9 percent.
"America's coming back. And I'm going to be on your side every step of the way." —President Obama
"We may not all be rooting for the Lions, but America is rooting for Detroit." —President Obama
"Saving the American auto industry was the right thing to do." —President Obama
"No matter how tough times get, Americans are tougher." —President Obama
"We can help every American get the education they need to get ahead in this country." —President Obama
"America's resurgence is real. Don't let anybody tell you otherwise." —President Obama
"We've now had a 57-month streak of private-sector job creation." —President Obama
"Last year was the strongest year for job growth since the 1990s." —President Obama
"Detroit always comes back." —President Obama
LIVE: The President is speaking about his decision to save the American auto industry and over 1 million jobs.
Tune in at 3:45 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak from Michigan about the resurgent American auto industry:
Having health care is a big deal. Check out your options today:
Don't forget: This is why we fought for health care reform.
After almost a week into the new year, keep up your #Healthy2015 resolution by getting covered:
"Obamacare's guaranteed health coverage changes lives in first year" More from @latimes:
Take care of yourself today—#GetCovered for tomorrow:
"I will miss Stuart Scott ... Over the years, he entertained us, and in the end, he inspired us—with courage and love." —President Obama
Watch the weekly address: @VP Biden wants people to #GetCovered in the new year.
Today is a great day to #GetCovered:
Make getting health insurance one of the first things you do this year:
Here's to a happy and healthy 2015.
LAST CALL: Chip in to keep building a truly grassroots movement.
MIDNIGHT DEADLINE: Chip in now to keep pushing this movement forward.
Own a part of this movement—chip in now:
What motivates you to fight for change? Take this one-question survey:
Before the ball drops, make sure you chip in to help fight for change in 2015:
Let's fight for progress next year:
President Obama wants to know what's at the top of your agenda in 2015:
Not much time left—chip in and help start 2015 strong:
This is how grassroots organizing is making progress in the fight to reduce gun violence:
Your support is building a movement of millions:
This deadline matters for anyone who believes in fighting for change—chip in today:
Don't let up. Keep fighting for what you believe in—chip in right now:
Your voice matters. Own a piece of this movement, and let's start 2015 off strong:
You can make a difference for next year right now—chip in today:
Take this survey—it's only one question:
Let's start 2015 strong—chip in right now:
Take a moment and say what you're ready to fight for in 2015:
See why 2014 was a breakthrough year for America:
Chip in to be a part of this movement for change:
There's a lot to do next year—chip in right now:
Your commitment makes this grassroots movement what it is. Own a piece of it:
Send a message—show you stand with progress in 2015:
This will take you less than a minute:
Chip in if you want to help make progress on the issues you care most about next year:
President Obama: "I won't stop fighting for the American people until the day I leave this office. That's a promise."
This is a big deadline—don't miss out.
Answer this one question survey: What issue will you keep fighting for in 2015?
Read President Obama's latest message to @OFA supporters about fighting alongside him in 2015:
Grassroots organizing: This is worth investing in.
"Michelle and I extend our warmest wishes to those celebrating Kwanzaa this holiday season." —President Obama
ICYMI: Our economy is growing at its fastest pace in 11 years.
Watch President Obama and the First Lady wish all Americans a merry Christmas and happy holidays:
Have a merry Christmas.
Say hello to friends you know and everyone you meet.
LAST CHANCE: Sign this holiday card for President Obama before it's too late.
Plan ahead and #GetCovered:
President Obama vowed that 2014 would be a year of action. Read how he delivered on that promise:
In the third quarter, the U.S. economy grew at its strongest rate in over a decade. Read more:
Only a few hours left to make sure your name is on @OFA's holiday card for President Obama:
It's the holiday season—sign this card for President Obama:
You care about your loved ones. So make sure they get covered:
There's still time to sign the @OFA holiday card for the President:
"Pick any metric you want—America’s resurgence is real." Watch President Obama's weekly address:
When you're with your family this holiday season, talk to your loved ones about getting covered:
In this week's address, President Obama reflects on the progress we made in 2014.
Five reasons why 2014 was a breakthrough year for America: h/t @pfeiffer44
Happening now: President Obama is holding a news conference. Tune in here:
Be prepared. #GetCovered today:
Send season's greetings to President Obama—you can even include a personal note:
After nine years, the best source of "truthiness" is coming to an end. Congratulations @StephenAtHome.
You don't need a stamp to send this holiday card:
These folks are ready to lead in the fight against climate change:
Wish the President happy holidays. Sign OFA's card:
"Number of Uninsured Americans Near Historic Low" More from @TIME:
It's beginning to look a lot like holiday card season. Sign @OFA's card for President Obama:
"Obamacare’s Best Week Yet Brings 1 Million New Sign-Ups" More from @business:
Sign @OFA's holiday card for President Obama—then send a note to tell him what you'll be fighting for in 2015:
Happening now: President Obama delivers a statement on Cuba.
WATCH: President Obama took action to protect Bristol Bay in Alaska, one of America's greatest natural treasures.
Chag Sameach.
Year in review: The U.S. economy took a major step forward in 2014.
LAST CALL: There are only a few hours left to enroll for coverage that starts January 1st.
Today is your last chance to enroll for health coverage that starts New Year's Day:
Get covered today: Sign up right now to get health coverage that begins January 1st.
"When the world calls on America, we call on you—our men and women in uniform." —President Obama
"We're free and safe and secure over here because you're willing to serve over there." —President Obama
"We can never thank you enough." —President Obama addressing the troops
"When it comes to our troops ... We stand united." —President Obama
LIVE: President Obama is in New Jersey thanking the troops for all they do for our country. Tune in:
President Obama is speaking to American troops at 2:45 p.m. ET to express his gratitude for their service:
DEADLINE: Sign up today for health insurance that starts on January 1st.
You don't have much time left to start 2015 with health insurance. Sign up here:
Tomorrow's deadline to #GetCovered for the new year is important: Don't miss it.
Get covered today, and you'll have health insurance on day one of 2015:
Tomorrow is the deadline to enroll for health coverage that starts January 1st. Sign up right now:
You don't have much time left to get health insurance by January 1st. #GetCovered now:
Start 2015 with health insurance:
"No one sacrifices more to preserve our blessings than our extraordinary men and women in uniform." —President Obama
There are only #2DaysLeft to get health coverage on January 1st. Don't wait any longer: #GetCovered.
Watch: In the weekly address, President Obama thanks American men and women in uniform.
If you're thinking about having a #Healthy2015, make sure you #GetCovered:
Focus on what matters this holiday season. Make sure your loved ones #GetCovered:
Exercise and health insurance: Two ways to have a #Healthy2015.
A big part of a #Healthy2015 is making sure you have health insurance:
President Obama's #ImmigrationAction could have a big impact on reducing the deficit.
During this season of giving, save a donation to support grassroots organizing:
Sign up now to be covered in the new year:
Celebrate the holiday season with the ones you love—and make sure they #GetCovered:
"This is an issue that's bigger than politics." —President Obama on early childhood education
"Early education is one of the best investments we can make." —President Obama
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the White House Summit on Early Education. Watch here:
Already covered? Make sure to check out your options:
President Obama's #ImmigrationAction could give our economy a big boost:
Immigration reform makes both moral and economic sense. Read more from @PennyPritzker:
"This is what makes America exceptional. We welcome strivers, and we welcome dreamers from all across the world.” —President Obama
“Immigrants have been a net plus to our economy and a net plus to our society.” —President Obama
“We just need Congress to work with us to create a common-sense law to fix this immigration system.” —President Obama
"We're going to bring more undocumented immigrants out of the shadows so they can play by the rules." —President Obama
"The best way to solve this system is by working together." —President Obama
"Nashville has one of the fastest growing immigrant populations in the country ... They are us." —President Obama
LIVE: The President is holding a town hall meeting in Nashville about #ImmigrationAction. Watch here:
The President will speak in Nashville at 3:25 p.m. ET about how to fix our broken immigration system. Tune in:
Watch: Last night, President Obama sat in for @StephenAtHome during "The Word".
President Obama sits down with @BET tonight at 6 p.m. ET. Watch a preview here:
In Arizona, a group of @OFA fellows have become difference-makers. Read more:
Side with cleaner air, not big polluters:
You have the power to make history. Apply to become an @OFA spring fellow—the deadline is today:
Holidays can be hectic. Take this off your mind:
Stand up for clean air:
ICYMI: 57 months of job growth = the longest streak on record. Read more:
"We still have a lot of work to do together. But we have real, tangible evidence of our progress." —President Obama
Watch the weekly address: We're making real economic progress—but we have to keep it up.
In just the first two weeks of enrollment, 1.5 million Americans applied for affordable health coverage:
The President proposed new standards for smog-forming pollution. Add your name to fight for cleaner air:
The Clean Air Act has been improving air quality for over 40 years—read what @GinaEPA wrote about proposed updates:
Our economy has created 2.65 million jobs so far this year, higher than any full year since the late 1990s.
Our economy added 321,000 jobs in November, the most in nearly three years:
Retweet if you want to see solutions, not political games.
Instead of votes that make our broken immigration system worse, we need solutions. Say you're tired of the games:
LIVE: Celebrate the start of the holiday season by watching the National Christmas Tree lighting at the @WhiteHouse.
The House just voted to make our broken immigration system worse, not better. It's time for comprehensive solutions.
A first-class opportunity for anybody wanting to sharpen their grassroots organizing skills:
You've got options. Take a look:
Read the President's latest op-ed on why he acted on immigration:
WATCH: President Obama is speaking at the 2014 White House Tribal Nations Conference.
Be prepared.
Big news: More than 200 U.S. companies are supporting the President's plan to cut carbon pollution from power plants.
Have you checked your options yet? #GetCovered:
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about the economy. Tune in:
WATCH: President Obama is discussing progress in the fight against Ebola.
Don't wait to #GetCovered. Check out your options today:
Make history in your community:
Getting covered is easier than you think:
"Let's recommit ourselves to achieving an AIDS-free generation in our lifetimes." —President Obama
President Obama is taking a big step towards fixing our broken immigration system. Stand up for #ImmigrationAction:
Now accepting applications: @OFA is running a specialized program to train grassroots organizers of all levels.
Check out the offers on this marketplace today:
Check this off your to-do list: Find quality, affordable health care.
Make sure everyone in your life who needs it knows the health care marketplace is open again:
There's no better time to be thankful for your health––but make sure you're prepared for anything:
The most important marketplace open today:
Jeff is the entrepreneur he always dreamed he’d be—because of health care reform. Read more:
Be thankful for your health—but be smart about your future. #GetCovered now:
Thankful.
"From my family to yours, happy Thanksgiving." —President Obama
LIVE: President Obama is pardoning the National Thanksgiving Turkey. Tune in now:
Don't miss the annual turkey pardoning at 2:15 p.m. ET:
Get the tools needed to make a difference in your community––apply for the @OFA 2015 Spring Fellowship Program:
ICYMI: The President sent a message to OFA supporters about the importance of taking action on immigration reform.
"Americans are tired of gridlock. We're ready to move forward." —President Obama
"I'm going to do what I can to make the system work better." —President Obama
"When folks in Congress question my authority to take action, I've got one answer: Pass a bill."—President Obama
"The actions we're taking will grow the economy for everybody." —President Obama
President Obama: I still believe the best way to solve this problem is by coming together to pass common-sense immigration reform.
"Being a nation of immigrants gives us this huge entrepreneurial advantage over other nations." —President Obama
"Immigrants have made this City of Broad Shoulders their home." —President Obama
"It is good to be home." —President Obama in Chicago
WATCH: The President is in Chicago speaking about how to help fix our broken immigration system.
President Obama is at the @CopernicusCtr in Chicago speaking about #ImmigrationAction at 5:35 p.m. ET. Tune in:
Happening now: President Obama delivers a statement.
Add your name: Support the President's action on immigration reform today.
FACT: Thanks to #ImmigrationAction, the economy will grow and average wages will go up for both U.S. born and immigrant workers.
Let your voice be heard: Stand with the President's #ImmigrationAction.
"We are a nation of immigrants. It has always given America a big advantage over other nations." —President Obama
The President sent a message to OFA supporters about why he's taking #ImmigrationAction:
FACT: President Obama's #ImmigrationAction will boost the U.S. GDP by tens of billions of dollars.
Watch the weekly address: The President discusses his plan to fix our broken immigration system.
“We didn’t raise the Statue of Liberty with her back to the world—we did it with her light shining.” —President Obama
“Generations of immigrants have made this country what it is. It's what makes us special.” —President Obama
“We're a nation that values families, and we should work together to keep them together.” —President Obama
“We're a nation that gives people a chance to take responsibility—and make amends.” —President Obama
"The day I sign that bill into law, then the actions I've taken will no longer be necessary." —President Obama
“When members of Congress question my authority to take action, I have a simple answer: Pass a bill.” —President Obama
“I know some critics call this action 'amnesty.' It's not amnesty. Amnesty is what we have now.” —President Obama
“This is not just a Latino issue. This is an American issue.” —President Obama
"Not everybody will qualify under this provision—that's the truth. That's why we're still going to have to pass a bill." —President Obama
"We’ll keep focusing enforcement resources on actual threats to our security. But that means felons, not families." —President Obama
“I wasn't going to sit idly by and not do at least what I was authorized to do.” —President Obama
“We're not giving up. We're going to keep working with members of Congress to make reform a reality.” —President Obama
"Our immigration system has been broken for a very long time, and everyone knows it." —President Obama
LIVE: President Obama is at Del Sol High School in Las Vegas, discussing his #ImmigrationAction. Watch here:
President Obama will speak about the steps he's taking on immigration at 3:55 p.m. ET. Tune in:
The #ImmigrationAction President Obama is taking will grow the economy and reduce the deficit by $25 billion in 10 years.
Retweet if you think President Obama did the right thing by taking action to help fix our broken immigration system.
The President is taking steps to fix our broken immigration system—stand up to those who want to block progress:
Add your name if you believe it's time for action to help fix our broken immigration system:
The President is taking action to help fix our immigration system—now Congress must do its part.
"To those members of Congress who question my authority to make our immigration system work better … Pass a bill." —President Obama
"My fellow Americans, we are and always will be a nation of immigrants." —President Obama
"It’s about who we are as a country and who we want to be for future generations." —President Obama
"Our history and the facts show that immigrants are a net plus for our economy and our society." —President Obama
"If you meet the criteria, you can come out of the shadows and get right with the law." —President Obama
"What I’m describing is accountability—a common-sense, middle-ground approach." —President Obama
"Most of these immigrants have been here a long time. They work hard, often in tough, low-paying jobs." —President Obama
"Today, our immigration system is broken, and everybody knows it." —President Obama
LIVE: The President is addressing the nation about actions he's taking to help fix our immigration system.
Watch at 8 p.m. ET: President Obama is laying out common-sense steps forward on immigration:
Everyone agrees our immigration system is broken, and Congress has stalled on reform. That's why the President is taking #ImmigrationAction.
Ready for #ImmigrationAction.
Tonight the President will announce the actions he's taking to fix our broken immigration system. Tune in at 8 pm ET:
A better immigration system will strengthen our economy and our families—stand up for #ImmigrationAction:
A very happy birthday to the @VP.
Tonight the President will address the nation on the steps he's taking to fix our broken immigration system.
Millions are getting the coverage they deserve. Make sure you are too:
Tune in tomorrow: The President will address the nation on the common-sense steps he's taking on immigration.
Everyone needs that reminder to do something. This is yours—make sure you #GetCovered today:
The President will address the nation tomorrow about the steps he's taking to help fix our broken immigration system.
"Every child deserves a shot at a world class education." —President Obama
"In a country where we expect free wifi with our coffee, we should expect our schools to be wired.” —President Obama
"Every decision I make is aimed at one goal—that is to restore opportunity to everyone who works hard for it." —President Obama
WATCH: President Obama is speaking about how technology is transforming schools.
Heath care open enrollment is here again. Find a plan that's right for you.
ICYMI: Health care enrollment is back.
This petition is an important way you can support #NetNeutrality:
Today: Check 'sign up for health insurance' off your to-do list.
Why gamble with your health? It's easy to get quality, affordable health coverage.
Before Obamacare, finding coverage was nearly impossible for Rick:
President Obama's latest commitment shows momentum and U.S. leadership in the global fight against climate change:
Add your name to join the team that believes quality, affordable health coverage is worth fighting for:
Now's your chance to get covered. The health care marketplace is now open again for all Americans:
"So spread the word. Tell your friends and family members to get covered." —President Obama
Thanks to health care reform, Doris finally has an affordable plan.
Watch the weekly address—tell your friends and family to #GetCovered and #StayCovered:
The health care marketplace is open for business—check out your options today:
Let's go: The health care marketplace is open again.
LAST CHANCE: Donate before tonight's midnight deadline.
MIDNIGHT DEADLINE: All donations will be matched dollar for dollar by other supporters.
Chip in $5 right now to support @OFA go all in for health care:
DEADLINE: There's a lot at stake in the weeks ahead, and your donation will help this fight for change.
You're not an Incredible.
There's something coming tomorrow––and it's going to be big:
Tonight's budget deadline matters. Chip in now:
Add your name: @OFA is going all in for #Obamacare, and here's how you can do your part.
CHIP IN NOW: Get your impact doubled now, before this critical budget deadline.
Drop everything: Watch this—it's time to get covered and stay covered.
Tomorrow. Are you in?
Funke's health coverage isn't in jeopardy, and she can afford it, too:
Here's the deal: Chip in today and your donation will be matched—dollar-for-dollar.
If you believe health care reform is worth fighting for, add your name:
No kidding: Every grassroots donation will be matched by another @OFA supporter. Chip in today:
WATCH: President Obama is urging the @FCC to protect #NetNeutrality and treat all internet traffic equally.
Organizers across the country are going all in for health care this fall. Join in:
If you chip in right now, another supporter will match your donation—meaning you'll make double the impact:
You can make a real impact for #Obamacare right now:
Donate today—your contribution will be matched dollar for dollar:
ICYMI: The United States has made a groundbreaking deal with China on cutting carbon pollution.
It starts with you. Watch the new @ItsOnUs video aimed at ending sexual assault:
This is no time to sit on the sidelines. Do your part to help Americans get covered:
The world's two largest economies are standing together to fight climate change:
Say no to the idea of fast lanes for the internet:
This is a huge win for anyone that's fighting to #ActOnClimate:
Got a minute and a social media account? Here's an easy way to get involved in the fight for progress:
The #Obamacare marketplace opens Saturday—spread the word about why getting covered matters:
Stand with the President's global leadership in the fight against climate change:
Watch: Amazing things can happen when people organize.
Add your name if you support the President's historic agreement with China on climate change:
This is huge: The United States and China have just agreed on an ambitious new joint plan to cut carbon pollution.
The fight for change is not over. Check out President Obama's message to OFA supporters:
Watch: This is what you should know about @OFA.
This is about keeping the internet open and free—sign the petition:
Let's keep fighting for real, lasting change:
You have the power to make real, lasting change, but you're not in it alone. Join the movement:
The internet shouldn't have gatekeepers. Add your name if you agree:
"We’ll have your backs—just like you had ours." —President Obama. Happy Veterans Day.
Time is winding down—say you'll do your part:
President Obama took a stand to keep the internet open and free. Sign the petition to protect #NetNeutrality:
"Your voice is needed like never before." Read President Obama's message to @OFA supporters:
Sign this petition if you support an internet that's open and free:
No one ever said the fight for change would be easy—that's why it needs you:
Let's go.
This is important: President Obama is urging the @FCC to keep the internet open and free.
This work has never been more important:
Watch: @OFA is a grassroots movement dedicated to the fight for real, lasting change.
President Obama: This Veterans Day—and every day—let’s make sure all our veterans know how much we appreciate them.
Watch the weekly address: For Veterans Day, President Obama pays tribute to the men and women in uniform.
Voters across the country took a decisive stand on raising the minimum wage.
For the first time since the 1990s, the private sector has added at least 200K jobs for nine consecutive months.
The unemployment rate is falling as fast as any point in the last 30 years. Let's keep building that momentum.
Jackie Robinson West All Stars: America's champions.
This is undeniable progress on the minimum wage. Congrats to the @OFA volunteers who are fighting to #RaiseTheWage.
"I'm going to squeeze every last bit of opportunity to make the world a better place over these last two years." —President Obama
Happening now: President Obama is holding a press conference. Tune in.
Watch the weekly address: President Obama wants a strong economy with opportunities for women and working families.
WATCH: The President and First Lady are welcoming children to the White House for trick-or-treating.
Tricks, treats, and hugs.
Don't get scared. Get covered.
"It's up to us to restore the ideals that made this country great." —President Obama
"We have to raise our voices to demand that women get paid fairly." —President Obama
President Obama: Let's encourage more women and more girls to go into fields like engineering, science, and math.
"We've got to catch up to the 21st century. We've got to pass a fair pay law." —President Obama
"Nobody who works full time in America should be raising their kids below the poverty line." —President Obama
"About 28 million Americans would benefit if we raised the minimum wage to $10.10." —President Obama
"When women do well, everybody does well." — President Obama
President Obama: We have to ensure women are full and equal participants in the economy.
"We've got to harness the progress we're seeing in the broader economy to make sure it's working for all Americans." — President Obama
"Ten million Americans have now gained the peace of mind of having health insurance." — President Obama
"For the first time in six years, the unemployment rate is under six percent." — President Obama
"Happy Halloween, everybody. I see a lot of you came as college students." — President Obama at Rhode Island College
LIVE: President Obama is at Rhode Island College speaking about how women succeed in today's economy.
Even the scariest haunted house is no match for going without health insurance.
It's all hands on deck for #Obamacare—that includes yours:
"Bold, big-hearted, and Boston strong, Tom was the embodiment of the city he loved and led." —President Obama on the passing Tom Menino
This is why reform matters: Health care should be available when you need it.
Team Obamacare is for anyone who thinks all Americans deserve access to quality, affordable health care:
October has been a good month for marriage equality:
Happening now: President Obama is speaking to American health care workers fighting Ebola.
The dangers of extreme weather can be heartbreaking. It's time to #ActOnClimate.
Here's your reminder to take this important #Obamacare survey:
Retweet if you agree the fight against climate change can't wait.
Happening now: President Obama is delivering a statement. Tune in to watch.
Who will make the biggest difference during the #Obamacare open enrollment period? That's up to you.
Take this quick health care survey—it's important everyone gets the facts and information needed to #GetCovered:
Health care reform is helping millions of Americans. Keep the momentum going:
Millions of Americans still need to get health insurance—this is your chance to make an impact:
Take a stand for #Obamacare:
On November 15th, @OFA volunteers will hit the ground running for health care enrollment:
Better health coverage at lower costs isn't just a goal anymore—it's actually happening.
Volunteers across the country have helped millions get covered. Team Obamacare needs you.
Watch the weekly address: President Obama discusses the measures taken to respond to Ebola at home and abroad.
Will you weigh in on #Obamacare?
This matters: Obamacare is helping millions get quality, affordable health care.
For everyone who has health insurance, here's a big way #Obamacare works for you:
The other side isn't done trying to derail health care reform. Join the team fighting to protect it:
Take this short survey about health care:
Defend health care reform—join Team Obamacare:
The countdown until open enrollment has begun.
Obamacare is reducing costs and improving access to health care for millions. That's worth fighting for:
"Has the new law worked? For many, the answer is a resounding yes." More from @AsburyParkPress:
Thousands have taken a stand for health care reform—the fight's not over. Add your name:
Here are ways to do your part before November 15th:
Read this story about #Obamacare from @BloombergNews: "None of the most dire predictions has come to pass."
Add your name: Tell lawmakers that minimum wage workers shouldn't have to raise a family in poverty.
Are you ready for Round 2? You should be part of this:
When the health insurance marketplace opens again on November 15th, be part of the team helping out:
How many can you answer? Test your knowledge about the minimum wage:
Watch the weekly address: President Obama discusses what you need to know about Ebola.
Add your name if you're one of the 7 out of 10 Americans that supports raising the minimum wage:
DYK: Raising the minimum wage would lift nearly a million people out of poverty. Let's get it done:
Add your name if you agree: Higher wages are key to a stronger economy—and that starts with a higher minimum wage.
Happening now: President Obama is speaking at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.
If you do one meaningful thing today, take the pledge to help Americans get covered:
Team #Obamacare needs you:
Make this #Obamacare pledge:
Last spring, volunteers across the country helped millions get health insurance. It's about time to do that again:
Make this simple commitment: Say you'll help spread the word about health care enrollment.
Long-term unemployment is on the decline. Let's keep the economy moving in the right direction:
Get involved again, and help people #GetCovered:
This work needs you. Pledge to do your part for health care enrollment:
You ready?
#LetsMove MT @FLOTUS: The First Lady wants to know… #TurnipForWhat?
LAST CALL: Add your name tonight to tell the EPA you support cutting carbon pollution.
It's easy to take a meaningful stand for cutting carbon pollution right now:
This is a big moment in the fight against climate change—stick it to climate change deniers by adding your name:
Tonight is the deadline to have your name included in OFA's public comments to the EPA:
Learn why major companies are dropping their support of ALEC:
DEADLINE TONIGHT: Add your name to tell the EPA you support cutting carbon pollution.
This is one meaningful way you can fight climate change now:
This @WhiteHouse white board lays out how raising the minimum wage will improve lives—and the economy:
This is a new record-breaking level: In 2013, vehicle mileage averaged 24.1 miles per gallon.
"A hard day’s work deserves a fair day’s pay." —President Obama
If you support cutting carbon pollution from the air, add your name here:
Watch the weekly address: President Obama makes the case for why it's time to #RaiseTheWage.
"Today, we honor Malala and Kailash’s achievements." —President Obama on the Nobel Peace Prize announcement
WATCH: #With1010, hard-working Americans earning the minimum wage will get a leg up.
There's support from both sides of the aisle on raising the minimum wage:
WATCH: Americans earning the minimum wage will be able to do more #With1010.
If you think no one who works full time should raise a family in poverty, sign this petition:
"It's long past time for us to raise the minimum wage." –– President Obama
It's time: #With1010, both the economy and American workers get a hand.
